Interesting/eclectic but not at all "Nordic ". I dont think the Danes have ever heard of chimichurri!  Still: this pork shoulder dish was tasty. The service is good but at this price point: you were certainly expect it to be.
Amazing food: so great to have a Michelin Star Reataurant in Grand Central Terminal.  Beyond the food the hospitality is amazing. I will be going back and encourage you all to experience.
I had always harbored the dream of visiting Noma one day: perhaps for my 40th birthday: or some momentous event in the future.  Unfortunately: I will never get a chance to do so as the restaurant is closing at the end of the year.  When I found out the co-founder of Noma decided to open up a restaurant in NYC: Ive decided that I would need to go there ASAP.  Ive asked one of my favorite restaurant buddies to come along in order to celebrate her birthday: and to semi-fulfill our shared dream of eating at Noma.  The reservation process was a lot easier than Ive expected.  There were a good number of openings within the week: albeit on the earlier side (i.e. 5-6pm).  

The location was a bit confounding as Grand Central does not scream "culinary destination" to me.  After my recent excellent meal at Charlie Palmer in Times Square: Ive learned not to judge a restaurant by its location: although navigating Grand Central during rush hour was not a pleasant experience: particularly when GPS was no help.  Agern is located behind a pair of relatively nondescript doors with a small sign about the doors.  There were no windows or any other telltale signs that a restaurant resided within.  After walking through the entrance: Ive nearly gasped: we are definitely not in Kansas anymore: Toto.  The place is a lot bigger than Ive expected: it was decorated simply but beautifully: reflecting its Scandinavian origin.  We both opted for land & sea tasting menu at $145/per person.    

The meal started with a series of hor doeuvres: including: 
Oyster and Pine - two oysters that sat atop a small bed of ice and bathed in a refreshing broth.  Ive never found out what type of oysters it was: but it was delicious and a refreshing way to start the meal

Celeriac and Dill & Fluke and Horseradish - one bite each and both were delightful: the daikon wrap provided a well needed crunchiness to the dish: and the horseradish gave just the right about of heat.

Sweetbreads and Broccoli - small piece of fried sweetbreads accompanied with a broccoli puree: which was heavenly.  I could forego the sweetbreads and just slurp up the puree all day long   

At this point: the servers brought us a small bag that contained a freshly baked bread and fresh butter.  That bread and butter combination: wow: I could just eat that and be happy with this meal.  It was one of the most spectacular bread/butter combo Ive had.

Lemon Cucumber Salad - my absolute favorite dish of the night.  I cant begin to describe how amazing this dish was.  The thin slices of cucumbers were flavored lightly: sat atop a light broth with a creamy layer in between: and topped with salmon roes.  This dish was the epitome of a perfect summer dish: i.e. light and refreshing.   

Beef Heart - I wish the beef heart was sliced a bit thicker to give it a more substantial weight. Also the dish was too salty.  The only star of the dish was the thinly sliced asparagus on top.

Salt and Ash Baked Beet Root - what a disappointment!  This dish was presented with such a flourish that I had very high expectations for it.  At the end: the beet tasted like: well: beets.  To be fair: I was never a huge fan of beets: and considered swapping out this dish: but our server assured us that this was their signature dish: and we should give it a chance.  I am glad we tried it: and I really enjoyed the presentation: but I wont try it again.

Skate - this dish was so unmemorable that I have a hard time recalling it.  The fish itself was bland: but I liked the leek: celery and romaine mixture

Pork Neck - the pork was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  I loved the menagerie of exotic vegetables that accompanied the dish: they were lightly dressed and provided a welcome crunchy texture to the dish.  Lastly: the fried skin was a nice touch.

The two desserts were interesting: both were granitas.  My favorite was the Frozen Skyr with cantaloupe and cucumber.  The cantaloupes gave the dish a much needed sweet component: while the cucumbers were refreshing and gave the dish texture.  Meanwhile: the Rhubarb with eggplant was not a big hit at our table.  I ate around the eggplants: which I thought did not work with the rhubarb ice mixture.

The service was impeccable: even though service charge was already included: and the menu explicitly stated that they would not accept any additional gratuities.  They were attentive without being smothering.  My water glass never dipped below its half way point.  Also: because Ive mentioned that it was my friends birthday during the reservation process: they gave her gift wrapped bread as we were leaving.  It was an adorable end to a fun dinner.
Its hard to tell what this restaurant wants to be.  If you treat it as a standard  "American food" place:  and dont look for anything more: its probably better than average. 
We tried it on a Saturday night.  As others say: it IS odd being in a restaurant with no windows.  They could help that by making the place a bit brighter: or using candles: or something.  As it is now: it is VERY hard to see: because the walls are dark: and theres no natural light.  Also: the dining room chairs: while undoubtedly stylish: are wickedly uncomfortable.  And they swivel.  Sometimes when you dont want them to.  Very odd. 
The food is solid.  I thought the bass crudo was delicious: and it was probably beautiful: but I couldnt see it too well in the dark.    The sausages were surprisingly bland: but they were tasty.  The mustard woke them up.  I was disappointed in the mashed potatoes.  EVERY restaurant worth its salt: has killer mashed potatoes these days.  They dont.  And I supposes something justified calling the ketchup "sage ketchup:" but I didnt see it or taste it.  
Service is straight up A+.  They know what theyre doing: and they make a good cocktail.  Not so with the coffee : which is weak: and not worth the money or the presentation.  All in all: if youre in the neighborhood: its a solid bet.  Not worth a trip to go here.
Pretty and tasty nordic food hidden in Grand Central from someone who was formerly involved with Noma in Copenhagen. The bread and butter at the beginning of the meal are delicious.
After watching Chefs Table on Netflix: I became a big fan of Noma and deeply interested in Nordic food! When I heard that Claus Meyer the co-owner of Noma is opening a new restaurant in New York City: I knew I have to pay a visit! Thanks to my friend Elaine: I can make the visit just the second week they opened!!

Without hesitation: we chose "land and sea tasting menu" (145pp no tips). It is such a value deal! We deeply enjoyed every dish! The uniqueness of Agern is that every dish brings a different fresh veggie with delicate: artful and elegant presentation. Beets and potatoes are common elements in a few dishes: but textured/presented/flavored differently. I deeply enjoyed the cod dish with potatoes presented in chops (small bite size): sticks: and mashed in the sauce. The beets dishes are highlights too - baked in a salty veggie ash coat for 22hours (see my photo!) the beets are hot: juicy: delicious when served to the table (amazing cooking method!). It is so delicious that it can serve as a single dish on its own.

Other dishes:
Appetizers: 
As you all know me: Im a big fan of oysters. The oyster appetizer at Agern didnt disappoint. Eating oyster with a pine tree stick is a very creative way to add the refreshing aroma of pine tree (from land) to oyster (from the sea)... 

Bread - solid cust: soft and doughy inside that goes perfectly with the tasty butter.

Beef Herat salad - raw strawberry added in a meat salad dish yet its perfectly balanced in flavor with a refreshing note.

Lamb - tender and throughly cooked: accompanied by roasted beets and other veggie leaves (bitter taste). The texture goes well with the creamy cheese sauce.

Interesting and plenty drinks choices too! There are alcoholic pairing: non alcoholic pairing and a long menu of cocktails and wines!
Scandinavian my ass!  We could not have had a more disappointing meal. Ravioli: Roast Chicken: Grilled Ribeye and Burgers? (And $26 for a burger?!) Not at all the Scandinavian menu we had hoped for. If this is "New Nordic": they can keep it. All the wonderful flavors we expected were absent: replaced with an attempt at Nouvelle Cusine that fell totally flat. There was nothing on the menu that we couldnt find at most NYC restaurants. And the wine list is an overpriced disaster of nothing but sub-par American wines. Nothing European at all - and they charge $50 corkage for up to 2 bottles!
This place is a little gem inside Grand Central Station. Hard to find if you do not know the ins and out in Grand Central. The entrance wood door didnt seem to have a beautiful restaurant inside. The ambiance is inviting. It was surprisingly quiet inside. Theres a nice bar and tipping is not necessary so you can transfer your tab in the bar to your table. 

The "salt and ash baked beet root" is interesting. You got to try this one. It was delicious but there were parts of the beet that were salty and I believe its the bottom part. The "bitter salad" has some delicious distinct taste. And I recommend the "skate wing". It was flavorful. For someone who is salt sensitive you may find that all of their dishes are quite salty so ask to lighten the salt. 

The arrangement of each plate is beautiful and portions are quite small but I loved it. Its a great restaurant in Grand Central.
Agern has amazing bread and their dishes offer a unique taste profile with contrasting textures and flavors. 

Their barley sourdough bread was hot and straight out of the oven: complimented by their signature butter (includes some apple cider vinegar and 2 other ingredients). The bread was one of the best Ive ever had. 

Food was excellent and unique but portions were tiny! We ordered:
Mackerel - excellent & wished they offered more ocean broth than just a teaspoon amount
Smoked Salmon - great texture and refreshing flavors
Lobster & Barley Porridge - delicious!
Slow-Cooked Pork Cheeks  - this was a star dish!

Service was excellent!

I would definitely come back again and recommend to others. Even though the portions were small: at least you can fill your stomach with the delicious bread! I would give 5 stars if the portion size was a bit bigger.
TL/DR: Good food: cute (but windowless) space: slightly off service.

More Deets:

We went here to celebrate a special occasion and ordered food a la carte. The food: for the most part: was pretty tasty and well presented. We ordered:

- snacks (some were tasty: others were a miss)
- bread and butter (while good: thought this was a touch overrated -- bread crust seemed a little soggy like it hadnt been stored properly; Im used to super crisp crusts like the ones from Tartine Bakery)
- charred corn (really good!)
- black bass (good: but the textures were off)
- grilled mackerel (good but forgettable)
- pork belly (really good!)
- grapes desserts (really bad: bad textures all around)
- sweet snacks (super cute and tasty)

The service: was good: but not up to the standard youd expect from a place like this one. Our main waiter took a long time (like 15 mins +) to serve us our drinks (it wasnt a busy night either; the restaurant/bar was 3/4s empty): and didnt do a good job of explaining some of the items of the menu (we were definitely surprised when some of the dishes were served). Our snacks didnt come with any cutlery: and at one point: they laid down cutlery not required for one of our courses and picked it up again when they served a course that required it. They then had to give us a new set of cutlery to replace the ones theyd inadvertently cleaned/set when it wasnt required. Im not doing a good job of explaining it: but it was definitely off...

The space was very cute: but there was something a little bit depressing being in a windowless room. But they cant help it as the restaurant is in the middle of Grand Central Terminal.
I delayed writing this review for MONTHS: thinking that one day I would finally post pictures of every single dish for an entre-by-entre review. I have come to terms that I am not sophisticated or diligent a Yelper to do that. Regardless: I have to throw my vote in for Agern as being an extremely nice fine dining option in and near Grand Central.

Service was phenomenal. Attentive but not stifling. Nice atmosphere that is a mix of casual and modern. I actually hate dining in a dimly-lit restaurant because I like to see my food and "eat with my eyes." Agern is bright and spacious which makes it a very relaxing dining experience.

We had a couple of their signature cocktails. Price range is what you expect in this area of Manhattan: but mixed well. No regrets.

We tried their land and sea tasting menu. If there is one thing I really appreciated about my experience at Agern: is how it expanded my palate to relish foods that previously ranged from "blah" to "yuck" - from the lovingly prepared roasted beet: to the spectacularly tasty beef heart salad. Also: first time I actually enjoyed sweetbread. The only dishes I outrightly disliked were the cucumber entre and dessert: but thats purely subjective (I just happen to hate cucumber). My husband was more than happy to polish those off for me.

I really enjoyed my time at Agern: and was glad I deviated off my usual cuisine repertoire to eat at this restaurant: and would love to come back at some point when their menu changes.
Terrible that we made reservations and put down a credit card to confirm. They did not even have the decency to notify me that our party for my son would not happen.  Left out in the cold: terrible customer service!
High quality: tasty meal.

We arrived with a reservation for 3 on a Sunday evening: and the restaurant wasnt particularly busy: nor did it get too busy throughout. We had the land and sea tasting menu: and the food was all very well prepared and tasty. My favorite dishes were the beef heart and the sweetbreads: but everything was well executed and thoughtfully prepared. The meal itself was well-paced: the drinks pretty good: and the service very helpful and friendly. Its a little on the pricier side: especially given the amount of food served: but its a nice experience that I would recommend for special occasions.
Went here for my fathers birthday with my family. The place wasnt very busy and we were greeted with a smile immediately upon entering. We were given a nice large table on the side. The waiter was very knowledgeable and answered all of our questions about the menu with confidence. 

Every dish was perfect and incredibly unique. Never had anything like it elsewhere. We had the land and sea tasting menu and loved every dish starting from the tomato water through the bread all the way down to the main dishes. 

After dinner they gave my father a small gift of their homemade chocolate. Then the manager took us on a private tour of the kitchen and introduced us to various kitchen staff and explained the cooking process in great detail. 

My father who is a foodie and really into cooking loved every moment of the tour and we learned a ton about the restaurant: its unique location: and the food. 

I would definitely recommend Agern to anyone looking for a unique and memorable experience.
Service was excellent. Food was generally good. 

Food:
Beef heart - delicious
Scallops - delicious
Beets - good
Potato - good mashed potato
Cauliflower - not good at all; sauce was very sour with a bitter aftertaste
Beef - good
Honeynut squash - ok
This place is fine. We came here because it got one Michelin star. While I wont say we were disappointed: I didnt feel that impressed either.

The service was great: and I really like the no-tipping policy. The food in general was good: but one dish we ordered (I forgot the name. Its the chicken main course) turned out to be a little too salty. The pork belly was amazing. The selection and the presentation of the food are overall pretty creative.

The "fanciness" of this place is not too over the top. I would say I felt more welcomed here than in other comparable places like Nougatine. Different people might have different preference in this regard though.

Overall: a great meal!
Creative: well thought simplicity( which brings complexity) 
Ordered vegetarian menu(field and forest): really enjoyed the burst of flavor coming from regular ingredients with untypical touch. 
Impressive dishes: 
Sea Broth(served between amuse bouche and main menu: made from plankton: dill oil and salt water. A pleasant salty tea!)
Salt and ash baked beet root( beet was roasted for 4 hours under the salt and egg shell: which released the flavor gently and evenly into the tender beet. Interesting technique)
Cauliflower ( hay buttermilk sauce was unique: bringing the field tone: reminding me of the picnic days. Cauliflower was served with only stalk part: crunchy and slightly sweet. Mild mustard seeds released heat with every bite)
Spectacular: inventive food. I enjoyed flavors I didnt think would go together. The service was a bit inconsistent for a Michelin-starred restaurant: though. No real problems: and the service was friendly: but timing was off: dishes were reversed: and a dessert forgotten.
TERRIBLE SERVICE!!!!

We went a group of 20 people and they charged us for 4 extra people who did  not join the lunch. They had not informed us in advance that they would charge us for the people who could not join the lunch. In trying to sort out the situation the staff was very rude and uncooperative. First they told us they would give us a voucher for the 4 extra dishes that we had paid for but not received. Then they changed their mind and told us they would not give us a voucher and that we had to pay anyways.

I would not recommend this place to anyone and especially not going as a group: as you might end up with an extra large bill paying for nothing!
A very nice meal with great service: nice atmosphere: terrific cocktails: solidly good food (except the famed beet and the dessert) and ridiculously overpriced wine list.

Its hard to point to any one dish that was a sensation for us - it was the perfectly constructed tasting menu in that it had no real center of gravity: each dish was a point of light in its own right. Perfectly cooked sweetbreads and mackerel early bites: delicious sea bass: lots of little lovely: if a bit forgettable: plates in between.  The two disappointments for us were the famous salt crust roasted beet and the dessert: a basil chocolate granita with fairy eggplants (yup: as gross as that sounds: its worse). The first was a very nice dish: but frankly: if you know how to properly roast a beet: you arent going to be that wowed by it. It isnt all that different from your average well-roasted beet.  

The dessert was another matter: it was downright yucky. A really disappointing end to our meal.  Not at all a fan of that combination at all. Wish our land and sea menu had the goat cheese cheesecake from the vegetarian menu...we should have asked.

The cocktails were pricey but awesome. Loved the kitty kelly and the last drop in particular. Incredibly punchy and delightful. Wine was another matter - Im used to the mark up on wine: but the few we looked at were 400% of the cost from a standard wine shop with good selection. We stuck to the cocktails.

Agern is not a restaurant Im going to long for again and again: but it was a lovely meal: very much of the time and well worth a visit.