The presentation of the chefs tasting menu was impeccable ($175 per person). I have never had Scandinavian cuisine before so this was the first time that I tried it. My tastebuds were a little surprised because of the tart and tangy flavors the dishes were composed of. The Kristal caviar and elderberries was probably one of my favorite dishes that came out. It was tangy because of the elderberries and a little salty due to the caviar. One dish that I found to be pungent was the squab and buckwheat. The texture of the meat was rubbery and the aftertaste was similar to pork blood or liver; which I find to taste revolting. 

Atmosphere = 4.0/5.0 
The restaurant has a homelike setting: and there is minimal amount of tables. It was decorated as if the customers are dining in someones dining room: which was very nice. 

Food = 4.0/5.0 
The presentation was outstanding for each dish that came out. I personally like sour tastes: so I ate just fine. The dishes that I enjoyed were the Kristal Caviar and Elderberries: Venison and Truffles: Norwegian King Crab and Apple: Halibut and Chestnut: 7x Wagyu Beef and Celeriac: Gingerbread and Dark Chocolate: and the Arctic Birds Nest. The dishes that I did not like were the Squab and Buckwheat and the Foie Gras and Red Beet. I am not a picky eater and I eat just about anything without a complaint: so I must have really found the Squab and Buckwheat dish to taste pungent. 

Service = 3.5/5.0
Once you enter: the hostesses seat you at your table. For a restaurant to be upscale and classy: the attire of the hostesses was rather inappropriate. Their dresses had a t-shirt silhouette and they were all very skimpy: which was not classy nor work appropriate. 
The young waiter would swing his arms as if he had no feelings in his arms; which makes him look disinterested. 
We were in no rush but this dining experience took over 3 hours: which was quite long for a tasting course.
Group dinner last night so chose from a set menu. Steak was "mass wedding" quality (medium well at min: I was not asked how I liked it even though there were only 12 of us dining). Very poor I thought. Put me off thinking of returning for myself in future.
My partner and I went to Aquavit for an anniversary dinner: and overall: I thought the food was very good and the service and hospitality outstanding.

We were one of us to sit down for the night: and even then: they did not rush us or slack off at the service even though getting to be very late towards the end of our meal. All the different very servers genuinely seemed to enjoy their jobs.

The food was outstanding: and I would describe the tasting menu as light and refreshing. Nothing really rich and heavy like Italian pasta sauces and things like that. Everything was cooked expertly. 

The wine pairings: in addition to being a very good value: were varied and didnt stay too much in one region of the world. I think thats a special skill to match Scandinavian food with Old World wines and New World wines.

Overall: of course there are a lot of food options in New York but this was a very special meal. Not crazy expensive considering its two-star status.
The food is sublime: the presentation whimsical and beautiful: the service first class and the experience top notch. 

The tasting menu is the way to go here. It will take almost three hours and feature something like 18 courses when you take into account all of the off-the-menu surprises as well as well as the written menu. 

Even though the menu changes very frequently: the arctic birds nest is always there and its always the best way to end a meal at Aquavit.
The service at Aquavit is impeccable. There are rotating people who explain each dish and your water glass is never empty. They even escort you towards the bathroom.
We also loved the decor. Very minimalist. 
We did the Chefs Tasting menu: which honestly for us was so much about the experience itself. It is such a pleasure to try all of these unique dishes. Some standout dishes for us were 1. the first amuse bouche- the Swedish pancake with salmon tartare and dill powder. 2 the second amuse bouche: the mussel with cheese 3. The king crab and apple and pork (my favorite by FAR) 4. Halibut 5. Arctic birds nest. 
Some interesting things to note about some other dishes (again: not bad: but definitely unique): 1. The foie gras comes frozen (liquid nitrogen possibly?) amongst some beet leather: candied beets and some sort of yogurt. The frozen aspect takes away the typical creaminess found in foie gras. 2. The squab legs comes with the claw still attached so if that is something that may bother you: consider yourself warned. 

Overall it was a wonderful experience.
Another feast for the eyes: palate & stomach. Id never tried scandanavian food before. The ingredients are simple yet the balance mixes for crazy experience. Jelly with foiegras looks like dessert but it isnt! Every course is an adventure full of flavor waiting to be discovered as one bites into it. Presentation is as beautiful as the taste of each dish. Service is impeccable. Aquavit is 1 of New Yorks landmark must eat must visit restaurants!
Another food adventure to a Michelin rated restaurant: and it did not disappoint. We did the chefs tasting menu with the wine pairing this time. Each and every course (total of 14) was extravagant and sumptuous. 

Upon leaving: We received an envelope with the date: name and description of each dish we had. This is the only reason I can list them here; I wouldve never remembered the 14 whopping courses I had. The service was impeccable and the ambiance was exactly what I would imagine to be the epitome of "Scandinavian chic". Very minimalistic with architecturally sharp light fixtures. The mood was romantic and our servers had a sense of humor which was nice. 

The only reason I am giving 4 out of 5 stars is because of the wine pairing. Although some of the wines were incredible with the dish presented: many of the wines were ports: quite thick: syrupy and heavy. Towards the end of the meal It was hard to continue tasting because I was becoming uncomfortably full from the heavy port wines- but of course I had to troop on and continue the tasting until the end. I am sooo glad I did! The arctic birds nest dessert was sublime! The other courses that particularly stood out to me were: 7x wagyu beef and truffles: foie gras and rhubarb: venison and endives: and the goats cheese and nettles. 

My only recommendation is to skip the wine pairing. 

Otherwise- it was a beautiful dining experience.
A very lovely restaurant with friendly staff
We went there for three courses pre fixed menu. All the food was delicious. I love the little tomatoes in the seafood dish. They looked cute and tasted extremely good. The dessert was a perfect conclusion to the lunch.
Highly recommend this restaurant! I think its even better than some 3 star Michelin restaurants.
I dont know shit about Scandinavian food: but Im guessing Aquavit offered something of a skewed introduction to the cuisine. My mom and I went for a weekday lunch: and we were pleased to find how much we enjoyed herring: at least as prepared at a Michelin-starred restaurant.

The place was fancy: with a beautiful entryway to a beautiful dining room flush with chandeliers and vibrant plants. The design wasnt over the top lavish: but it was thoughtfully done: probably in the vein of a "Scandinavian design" Pinterest board. The tables were laid with textured white tablecloths; all the dishware looked precious and artisanal. Aquavit is in midtown and offers a lunch prix fixe: so Im guessing its a popular spot for business meals. The atmosphere was right for it: calm and upscale but not romantic. It wasnt full on a Tuesday: either: so Id guess reservations can be made on reasonably short notice.

Service was immaculate. Our waiter Nestor (sick name) was a true professional: attentive and warm without being informal. He got plenty of help from a robust staff that made sure all our needs were taken care of before we fully noticed we had them. We wanted a couple of glasses of wine with our meal: and Nestor helped us out. We had a Herri Mina white blend that went well with our seafood-heavy meal.

The food was outstanding: starting with a bread service of fluffy sourdough and dense: nutty Danish rye with quality butter and sea salt. The lunch menu offered a $58 three-course prix fixe: with two options for appetizers and entree and one for dessert: as well as a more extensive a la carte menu and a $105 seasonal tasting: which would have required table participation. We opted to go half prix fixe and half a la carte: and this worked out quite nicely. I liked that the prix fixe seemed to include some of the best dishes the restaurant had to offer.

We started with the gravlax (prix fixe) and the herring sampler (a la carte): and both were tremendous. The gravlax--apparently not smoked but cured salmon--came in delicate briny little chunks mixed with dill and bursting bubbles of trout roe: topped off with asparagus: dill foam: and tiny new potato chips. Light and delightful: with a lot of interesting textures. Whether youre in it for the Scandinavian experience or just to maximize deliciousness: the herring sampler is a must order at Aquavit. It was a gorgeous platter of five types of herring--matjes: glassblowers: lingonberry: mustard: and horseradish--served with priest cheese: fine chopped red onion: and a little salad of lettuce and potato. I had no idea pickled fish could be so appetizing.

Our entree course brought more incredible seafood: in the form of a Scandinavian bouillabaisse (prix fixe) and a fillet of striped bass (a la carte). Im not sure what made the bouillabaisse Scandinavian: but it was a remarkable dish: one of the best entrees Ive had in recent memory. There was plenty of seafood--cod: halibut: mussels: shrimp: and scallop--along with cauliflower: peas: pickled heirloom tomatoes: and a fennel aioli. Every individual element was perfectly cooked: from the creamy scallops to the delicate cod to the peeled: juicy tomatoes and the al dente peas: the best peas Ive had in years. The striped bass was also a strong dish: the bass meaty and flavorful: served with artichoke: fresh heirloom tomatoes: and a zippy arugula paste.

Before our dessert: we got a nice sweet preview: a wooden box stacked with tiny fresh baked cookies. We ate them up and they were all great: but I especially appreciated the salty chocolate chip. The prix fixe dessert was a strawberry rhubarb crumble with vanilla ice cream and it was pretty phenomenal. The strawberry and rhubarb were both lovely--strawberries are one thing: but it must be hard to make rhubarb so irresistible: crunchy and tart in the best possible way--and they came over a dense buttery cake that was really its own event. We supplemented this dessert with little scoops of black currant and sea buckthorn ice cream and apple sorbet. This was the weakest part of the meal. The apple sorbet was the best of them: bright and refreshing: but it had a big chunk of ice in it; the ice creams had a gummy texture that I didnt love.

No matter: this was a wonderful meal: with top notch service and food. Id recommend Aquavit if youre looking for a special lunch in Manhattan. Now Im curious to see what ordinary Scandinavian cuisine is all about.
One of my favorite Michelin restaurants. Theses 15 courses are totally worth your night and your money. Amazing food and first class service
Maybe this place was overhyped: but I was just not a huge fan. 

The herring sampler plate was lovely to look at with all the different types of pickled fish but all I got out of it was sour. Yes: I know they are pickled but I was hoping the sauces or toppings or something would balance the sourness or make the flavors more interesting. 

The general atmosphere was also quite cold...

Dont think I will be returning.
Dined in here in Oct. 2017 as an anniversary celebration. It was a truly excellent experience! The ambience is elegant and nice. It was our first time to try scandinavian style food and it was so great! The waiter welcomed us with champagne for the anniversary. Then goes the stream of delicious food. We enjoyed the night with Aquavit!
The chefs tasting menu here was like a dream! Every dish came out looking not only very artistically plated but tasting great!

I really enjoyed the kristal caviar and white asparagus dish. Also on the menu was sweetbread and morels. Sweetbread isnt a very common ingredient and so it was an interesting experience for us. And yes: the arctic birds nest lives up to the hype. It was crunchy: nutty: fluffy: soft: sweet: tarte and the consistency of the dessert was a perfect recreation of a birds nest. I really enjoyed the play of texture and appreciated that so much thought went into one dessert. Also: doesnt hurt that Bengtsson is one of two American female head chefs with two michelin stars. :)

Dinner service was about 4 hours as we were given quite a few amuse bouche sporadically: between plates. 

I noticed quite a few guests ordered the smaller tasting menus or maybe a la carte. But since it was our first time there: we were ambitious and hungry too. No regrets there!
This place is amazing. It definitely deserves its Michelin Star rating. The ambience of the restaurant is great and the service is phenomenal. The food was so delicious. They have the warmest bread rolls. We had a three course meal: and every dish hit the spot.
This is the ultimate comfort food restaurant for me.  The food of my childhood: served up as haute cuisine.
I visited Aquavit for dinner with co-workers. We were all impressed by the gorgeous minimalist and sleek interior. The dishes were interesting and the artistic food presentation is absolutely stunning. It was a great experience and although I enjoyed the Scandinavian food: the typical meal set here is not enough to satisfy my voracious appetite.
I dont have enough good things to say about Aquavit.  First of all: from the moment we entered the restaurant the staff was as polite and responsive as any restaurant I have visited.  And this continued throughout the meal.  The tasting menu and wine pairings are not cheap but it is a great place for a special meal.

Lets start with the table.  The setup inside is sufficiently spacious that you do not feel overwhelmed by other guests.  There are a few floating tables in the dining room but even those have reasonable privacy.  when we sat down: the host asked us about cocktails and volunteered to have our food start a little later so we could enjoy them.  This degree of thoughtfulness and concern continued throughout the meal.

We started with a plum tea amuse bouche that was lovely.  A sweet kombucha basically.  And the bread choices were fantastic.  The danish rye was what everyone went for but I tacked on an oat and sunflower roll as well.  For cocktails: I had the Odins Spritz while my wife had Fawns Lavendula.  Both were excellent and unlike other drinks we have had.  BTW: the aquavit selection here looks amazing and the bar was hopping all night.  It would definitely be fun to do a shorter dinner and sample some at the bar.

Our first real course was the caviar on creme fraiche with dill and onion.  It was awesome though I will say the creme fraiche stole the show and overwhelmed the caviar just a bit.  The blini was delicious but a bit hard to cut.

The oysters with elderflower were lovely: even if it was just my second or third time eating them. You cant go wrong trying them again at a place like this.

We loved the crab and chamomile course which had some fermented kohlrabi.  I could have eaten this as a main and been very happy.  The pairing here with the Falanghina was excellent.  

Next up was the scallop which was paired with honeydew: baby cucumber and pistachio and a chateauneuf de pape blanc.  You know it is a good course if it has honeydew and my wife still likes it.  

The sweetbread course was also fantastic: maybe even ahead of the caviar or crab. The sweetbreads were super crispy with sorel granita and some creme fraiche.  A cofermented rose from CA complemented this incredibly well.

The herring ice cream: yes thats right herring ice cream: sandwich was just fantastic as well.  I had never had it before and took it down quickly.

With their take on a lobster roll (open face crayfish on danish rye toast) was great and paired with a beer from Illinois without hops but instead ginger: carrottops and dandelions.  We didnt love the beer but enjoyed the food for this course.

The turbot course had golden boots: horseradish and fish burre blanc paired with a very bready Sake from northern Japan.  Good but not enough to displace the caviar: crab or sweetbreads from the top 3.

We then got a quick break with a mussel before moving onto the duck and apricot.  It had onions and plumcot and was quite tasty.

Our final savory course was the wagyu which had beef fat hollandaise: mushrooms and currants.  This was excellent and probably displaced the crab though its a close call.  

We moved onto the end of the meal with some goat cheese cheesecake with strawberries and a digestive biscuit crust: a basil yogurt popsicle covered in white chocolate and salt and the arctic birds nest--basically dark chocolate twigs with goat cheese robins eggs covered in white chocolate and blueberry sorbet.  One of the most interesting desserts we have ever had.  

This 3 hour meal was amongst the best paced we have ever had: with outstanding service throughout.  About the only thing that wasnt over the top amazing was the wine pairing.  We knew the regular pairing (vs the premium one) would take us to different places and less traditional wines and they all paired very well but there were few which stood out.  The whites up front were the best if I had to have a glass of one on its own.  If we did the tasting menu again: we would probably try the more traditional wine pairing.
Aquavit proves you dont have to be French to be top notch. The food is exquisite and the service is first rate.  I wouldnt call his restaurant authentic though: fushion would be a more apt term: as our meals were prepared with daikon radish and squash: so they definitely add asian and new world flavors to the food.

My friend and I tried the seasonal tasting menu. I also did the wine pairing. Every course was first rate: inventive and fresh. While the wines were good: i wouldnt recommend the wine pairing.  i just wasnt wowed over and would recommend simply purchasing a bottle or ordering by the glass. The wine parings were Gamay: Tocai: a Legrein and a Riesling: While they were ok: they just didnt add that wow factor to the courses. Do yourself a favor and look at the wine list and select something you like and stick with it.

The one oddity about this restaurant it is incredibly hard to get a reservation: and I had to book a month in advance: but dining we saw the tables 1/3 empty. This is not the first restaurant Ive experienced this phenomenon at and its a bit puzzling.

Bottom line: is if youve tried the high end restaurants such as Daniel or Italian such as Felidia Aquavit and looking for something a little different: this should be on the list.
This was the visit since the last one in 2011 (I guess they revamped the whole restaurant at least once as it looked very different).  We waited at the bar area which is very clean and spacious: then proceeded to the dining area.

We decided to go with the 3 course-98 dollar menu with herring: duck breast and chestnut dessert.  What they do: however: is that they add refreshers in between dishes so that you wont feel like having 3 course but more like 5 courses.

Of all things I was very impressed with duck breast.  Herring was good and chestnut was pretty good.  Lastly they give petit four at the end in which you can actually choose however many pieces you can have.  We were also given a recipe and pouch to make holiday liquor.  

Service was definitely up to the standard of Michelin and ny times review.  Would definitely recommend this place for special occasions.
Absolutely incredible experience and one that I will never forget! The quality of presentation: both within the food and the servers was top notch and very well executed!

My boyfriend and I got the chefs tasting menu - a variety of dishes hand-picked by the chef: all of which had unlikely combinations of food that surprisingly went so well together! Some note-worthy plates were the venison: 7X Beef: and the Arctic Nest. The truffle sauce that we got with our venison was on point and honestly made me melt into my seat - it was THAT good. The Arctic Nest was also very tastefully decorated and looked like an actual birds nest - so beautifully crafted together!

In addition to the chefs tasting: there were many in-between dishes: a variety of breads (which I made sure to go easy on) so overall: Im pretty sure we had about 20 different things! But these guys are so skilled in the craft of food that they made sure all of these were perfectly portioned so it wasnt over-filling nor overbearing.

As mentioned before: service was top notch and the presentation was very well executed - a job well done because my overall experience here was just delightful throughout. Its definitely one of the much finer things in life though so prepare to break the bank!!