Best restaurant of 2016: 2 michelin stars... I had very high expectations and the food at Aska was kind of mind-blowing. Id never had Scandinavian-style cuisine before: or rather "Modern Nordic grounded in Brooklyn" cuisine as the Chef sort of corrected me. Its very unique: even a little weird: and its an amazing experience. 

The restaurant is minimalist: dim: almost unwelcoming: and it took me about 2 courses to start warming up to the spacious room. Mostly because of the staff. The staff were all fantastic: friendly and personal and not too formal. The chefs who work in the kitchen (every table has a great view) each come out to greet you and introduce every course. The Chef makes his rounds as well: and its wonderful to listen to him talk about his food (listen hard: because hes very tall and softspoken). I was intimidated by the blood pancake - its rich and almost chocolatey. Still quite strong for me: I didnt finish: but Im glad I tried it. If you absolutely do not want it then you can request a plain pancake. A course of ash made from charred lamb heart... it sounds crazy but somehow it reminded me of bacon (VERY well-done bacon). Of course besides these: there were many many delicious not-so-crazy dishes. My favorite was lichen: fried and delicately crispy: over a lightly sweet caramelized cream: with an almost briny mushroom broth. Skate was presented on the bone with a luxuriously creamy celery root puree. The 120 day dry aged rib eye has my mouth watering even now. A dessert of fermented then pickled whole strawberries was the best strawberries Ive ever had in the middle of winter: spooned over raw milk sorbet that was clean and refreshing.  

We were told the team actually forages for some ingredients: and these ingredients make quite an impression (mushrooms: moss: flowers). Most ingredients are transformed and used in interesting ways (as opposed to showcasing the simplicity of expensive ingredients). You have luxurious ingredients as well: but you get to appreciate more humble ingredients. Each dish has multiple components which are just okay on their own: but are great when eaten together. 

I believe this is one of the best values for set menus in New York: as the 19-course menu is $215 inclusive of tip. Highly recommend going for the extended tasting menu. They leave you with a printed menu and a beautifully crafted knife per diner: a little something to remind you of an incredible meal.
Such an amazing dining experience!

We did the $145 tasting menu and it was one of the most creative meals Ive had this year. Everything was delicious: well balanced and thoughtful; totally unique and unlike anything I had eaten this year. The service was great. They had heard we had dined at the old Aska: when it was still in kinfolk studios and every server we talked to wanted to know how we had liked our experience: etc. I cant wait to go back.
In a nutshell: Aska is very similar to Aquavit: where food is presented more with its originality (though many times preservation is required): and less with cooking techniques. Having said that: the flavor did taste rather unique for many courses we had tried.

Hits and misses: I did like the oyster and caviar - both were marinated to perfection and had carried a fresh and light taste; that 120-day rib-eye was so tender and juicy that I could literally feel it melt down on my tongue. The blood pancake was rather disappointing - probably I am just not that into blood-made food: that the complex flavor was a bit disturbing to me. Our chef was extremely considerate and replaced my friends pancake with a regular one: after her communication with the waiter. Very well done! 

Overall this dinner to me was well-executed: a bit less complicated and more open-ended. Scandinavian food was certainly nowhere top on my list: yet Aska did breakthrough and I view it as one of the strongest candidates for the new Michelin star family.
Its a cute restaurant right next to Miss Favela: a fun little Brazilian bar. We got the 19 course menu. Almost everything was pretty good. The food here is definitely better than the food at the previous Aska place.
This was my first tasting menu... Every dish was so carefully put together. I tasted flavors that Ive never dreamed of! The staff and atmosphere really made it a memorable experience. Worth it.
We went in October. It was her 30th birthday. We were met with warm smiles from everyone. They all made it a point to congratulate us. The character of the restaurant is given breath by the simple and unique culture of the staff. They are a well oiled machine and have done their homework. They are passionate about their focus. They are a family. 

This was our second time to Aska. Fredrik Berselius and the Aska family provided an incredible experience: from beginning to end: that will be a lifetime memory. From the first steps in: we felt taken care of. 

The design of the entire space is clean and elegant and dark. It felt right; cohesive with depth. The upstairs dining layout is spacious and well suited to ensure that you can focus on you. The kitchen is exposed offering a glimpse at the artists at work. There is also an outdoor space

We kicked things off at the downstairs bar: enjoying delicious cocktails and the attention commanding decor. We returned upstairs to our table and the 10-course symphony began. I could talk for days about each dish but I am going to pass. I suppose its more important to tell that Chef Berselius vision has matured and extends throughout each dish to create a comprehensive: connected experience. It was one plate of genius after another bringing flavors: textures: colors: and contrasts that I have never explored. It was beautiful. The product is there and it is art. 

This will be a yearly visit for sure.
The chefs delivered an icredible dining experience bolstered by an excellent team of waiters/hosts. 

I didnt particularly enjoy every single dish (2 I didnt like) however every individual course was truly unique: regardless of my satisfaction. Can go into extreme detail for each course but that would be corny as hell. True to every dish were the various layers of flavors: even in a single bite. Some dont even hit till you begin your second bite: then you go hey... 

Waitstaff was incredibly attentive and friendly: was trying to think about something to write and just realized I dont even remember them clearing out the plates and cutlery between each course. Do remember the setting of cutlery and the presentation of each course: very theatrical: however the transition between each act: very ninja-esque.

Dinner is pre-paid when you make a reservation: so there is an added bonus of feeling like the meal was free. Btw totally worth the price if you dont feel the freebie-ness of it.

Lastly: dont plan anything too close to your reservation time: dinner took us a little over 4 hours. A quick 4: not the draggy kinda 4
I came here with my friend on her birthday.  Personally I dont like a restaurant is dark: it really depend who you come with.  The portion of food is small: I end up ordered 2 different dishes.  For 2 person: about $100.  uh.. little expensive.  But it is okay for birthday girl haha.
What a great experience at this newly opened Williamsburg restaurant. The chef is a genius. The food was outstanding. The restaurant space is great. We were brought downstairs for a drink in the lounge before being shown to our table. They have a nice garden space too. The tables themselves are beautiful wood. The kitchen is open so you can see the master at work. 

I love the new Nordic/Scandinavian cuisine: after a trip to Scandinavia last year. The forward thinking and pushing the boundaries of innovation continually amazes me. We had a 20 course culinary journey. I think I didnt care for one dish. Beyond that they were all very good to fantastic. The plating was stunning. The highlights for me were the langoustine: the oysters: the liken with mushroom: and the strawberry dessert. 

The chef is a humble and kind guy who spent time talking to us during dinner and afterward.  The staff was all very friendly and informative. 

Obviously full after 20 courses but not stuffed. My friends may disagree. I just had a great time. Not an every day restaurant. But definitely worth the splurge. They also have a bar menu in the garden and lounge that doesnt require a reservation. Cant wait to go back. And oh: theres a cool parting gift.
Congrats!
Michelin 2* & Michelins best new restaurant in NYC.

Never been to the original Aska: which received numerous accolades from prominent food critics and a Michelin star.
Executive Chef Fredrik Berselius just opened up his Nordic restaurant in another location right across Williamsburg Bridge. You can just walk across the bridge: and the restaurant is right there.

Left very: very impressed; Overall: wonderful tasting menu (18-courses) from beginning to end.

Highlights:  All (Not going into details; Very creative & delicious: some using unique techniques & preparation).
You just have to come & try it yourself. 
= Culinary genius

Excellent wine pairing (& reasonably priced).

Impeccable service. Wonderful/very friendly staff.
Chef Berselius came by the table often.
Big thumbs up for playing some great tunes from The Smiths (Arghhh.......Im so old.). 

Gratuity included. No tipping here.

Highest recommendation.

: 10 calendars

Note:  They also have a casual outdoor dining area (with separate: inexpensive: but limited a la carte menu) - no reservations required for that one - and a bar downstairs.
Excellently prepared meal with unique flavors.

We stopped by with a reservation on a Friday evening: and it was pretty quiet meal given that I think it was still its first week and there was definitely space for more tables. There are too many dishes to recount in detail: but all of the ingredients were extremely fresh (although a bit lacking in protein). Among the more memorable dishes included the Maine shrimp: the king crab: the squid tart: and the dry aged rib eye; the latter in particular was an amazingly tender and flavorful piece of meat. We also split a wine pairing between my friend and I: and they poured it into two glasses for us so that we could share both: which I greatly appreciated.

Overall: its a pricey but excellent place for a quiet: refined: not very heavy meal with excellent flavors.
Frederik Berselius is keeping Williamsburg incredible.
My heartfelt dining experience is from how genuine Aska is: from food: staff: services: ambience: space. 

Food- They truly speaks for themselves.  Frederick is so talented: the food absolutely lives up to the hype and more. I was able to recognize familiar ingredients as well as exotic Scandinavian dishes that was completely mind-blowing (ie: blood pancake? SO GOOD.) 

Staff & Service - I loved how Frederick was able personally come table-side to EVERY one of the tables during service.  It was another high point to see the artists at work right in front of me!

Ambience & Space - The best way to describe the setting might be a dark theater or gallery with spot lights directly in the kitchen.  Very very interesting play of space: I felt I was part of an audiences watching a big production unfold.  

Frederik took my boyfriend and I to the downstairs bar area after our meal and we chatted casually about our experiences and he spoke to us about his idea to make the downstairs bar as a neighborhood place.  
I cant say Ive had a similar experience dining anywhere else in the past.  It was high-end: yet artistic: yet neighborhoody. This place is sincerely incredible.
Bar review only. My wife and I went to the bar downstairs on a Thursday night. It was an amazing experience and we cannot wait to go back. The atmosphere is incredible: like hanging out in a friends amazing Scandinavian den with cool music and great food. We sat on a couch and they brought two of the best cocktails we have ever had. They were complex: light: and beautiful - hard to describe but if you love cocktails like we do: you must try the Edda: a great gin based drink. 

The bar manager came over and she even gave us cold shots of the Black Death: Icelands Brennivin. A gem of a bar for South Williamsburg!
I can not quite call this a meal: as it was more of an exploratory and sensory experience. The combination of ingredients and presentation was a delight to all of my senses. The food looked and tasted amazing. Each bite varied a bit: depending on what parts of the dish were scooped up into the fork or spoon. Some dishes felt like they were taken straight from the cuisine of some mythical land where dragons roam the earth (lamb heart). Others looked and tasted like they were brought forth from an enchanted forest (lichen). Overall: this was a superb experience.
We had a tasting 10 course menu. Nope. Go to Gabriel Kreurher if U want to enjoy the food and the art of cooking.
Anazing small plates in the downstairs bar! Suh a sweet hidden spot: the plates are super subtiles and delicious: and and and the place is calm too which is just so refreshing!
This restaurant is completely restored my faith in high-end meals in NYC. 

Im sure one can dissect each course in detail in the other reviews: but all I will say is the tastes you will experience here are somehow both unbelievably delicious: and so novel they feel as if they are out of a dream.  Imagine taking the amazingness of toast and putting it in the form of a soup... or taking the woodsy flavor of mushrooms and maple syrup and assembling it into ice cream......or combining a chinese plum with chocolate and serving it on a small twig ...these all happen at Aska.

In comparison to a recent excursion to another newcomer to the NYC restaurant scene: Gunter Seeger: another  michelin winner of this past year (albeit single star): Aska is so much better I feel the money I spent at Gunter Seeger might as well have been flushed down the drain. Sometimes: at these more conventional "fancy" places it seems as if you pay ridiculous amounts for tiny: pretentious courses with random assortments of ingredients blended: liquified: and dabbed on a plate. Aska could not be further from this. This restaurant is what I  thought these kind of restaurants could be. The preparations are not only purposeful: but so surprisingly interesting I have no idea how anyone could have thought them up.

Aska is worthy of all of its recent accolades.

Of course: service and setting: etc is great too: if you care about this sort of thing.
I booked this place for my husbands birthday. There were no weekend reservations available so I took a weekday. I noted on their reservation website that it was for a birthday and any food restrictions and preferences. When we arrived: they said they did not get my notes but noted that it was a birthday.

When you walk into the place: it is super dark: but then you see streams of light coming from all around: There are not many tables in the restaurant which tells me it will be quite the experience for every party of diners that walk through the door.

There is a beautiful outside garden that is decorated with latern lights. There is also a small back room that can seat I believe 6-8 for a private party? 

They have an open kitchen concept so you see everything that the chefs are working on. 

As we walk in: we are greeted but not just 1 person: but everyone on the team which was very nice. We got seated at a corner table by the window which I loved and had a great view of the open kitchen. I cannot say enough good things about the service and the experience we had here. 

I had booked the juice pairing for my husband (just for him) and the juices were a pleasant surprise and also very unique. it ranged from a rose soda: the an apple lemon juice: to a pair juice: to a green juice: etc. 
The food came out in a very timely manner. Each dish was introduced by a different chef who actually served each dish to you.

You have to either love Scandinavian cuisine or you have to be extremely open minded to all new foods. Most of the items I loved and was surprised by. Other items I felt was a bit strange for my taste and didnt understand too much. The langoustine and caviar were delicious.The beef and fish dish were out of this world: paired with the most delicious sauce that made you want to lick it off the plate. 
There was a plate in between: a pig blood pancake with a marinated flower combo... this was strange as the the flowers on top were sour. Sour to a point my face cringed. I was shocked since so many dishes before it were so good!   
There were 2 desserts that were served to us. One was amazing: a ice cream served with a strawberry soup. It was delightful and fresh: a perfect way to end the meal. The second dessert confused me a bit as it was a powder type of ice cream sitting in a pool of syrup with raw mushrooms on top. 
The birthday aspect was missed as after dessert was served: the server brought out a candle and placed it on the table... I appreciated the after thought but knew it was forgotten. 

Overall: I would rate the food pretty good; a good experience but I would rate the service 2 thumbs up!
Fantastic evening. Creative and exceptional flavors. The chef is an artist with the food. The service staff is low key and extremely professional and friendly..no snooty or highbrow atmosphere here. My better half and I have dined at all the top rated NYC restaurants over the past 10 years including all of the Michelin starred venues and this was right up there with them regarding the food: ambiance and service. The chef/owner is also very friendly and approachable if you have a question as were all of his other chefs working with him that night. We will return.
Just came back from a trip in Iceland: so I was delighted to secure a reservation for this new Nordic restaurant that recently eared two michelin stars.   Prepay at reservation: gratuity and tax included.   Interesting system.  Sure makes a lot of things simpler.

I had high expectations for this restaurant: and Aska not only met it but was better.  Nineteen course meal too about 3 and half hours.   

Food is inventive and interesting.  The servers will tell you the ingredients: but it is likely that more than half of its not something youve heard of before.  Im not complaining as I take a lot of joy in trying new things.  Many courses will wow you: some will be just ok: but all are original and creative.  I was blown away by lambs heart dish.  Burnt to ashes but it was lambs heart nonetheless!

Ambiance is a huge factor here.  Black ceiling: black walls: black furnitures.  Staff dressed in black.  It seems really dark at first: but then again its as if the chef wants you to focus your senses entirely on the food.  

My party of four were fortunate enough to get a table right next to the kitchen area: so we could observe some action from the sideline.  It was a pleasure to see everyone work in harmony: yet in complete silence most of the time.  It was amusing to see Chef Fredrik completely in focus: and he wasnt saying much but his presence was incredibly strong.  He may be a culinary genius.  Im going to have to visit this place again to make sure.