Barn Joo 35 is a chique modern place to go for some Korean food with an American twist. The place is fit for Tapa-style eating: which for me usually means not a lot of food for a lot of money - but at least you get flavour? Its just close enough to K-Town to get the authenticity without being close enough to deal with the people running for Penn Station.

We came on a busy Friday and were seated after 30 minutes: which we were surprised about. Halloween was in a week and the place was decorated with pumpkins and such. We didnt realise it was wait-staff dress up also: as all of them had zombie make-up on - not something that puts me in the mood for a gastronomical experience. However: a drink...or 3 made up for that. We got the free welcome shot with our Yelp-Check in and also got a carafe each of their Cucumber and Lychee cocktails (I cant recall exactly: and their menu is not uploaded so this is from memory). Both times: the cocktails came with a lollipop style frozen ice cube with a piece of fruit infused in the middle - very cute!

To start: we had the truffle fries (because: of course): sweet soy chicken wings: fish and galbi buns: and a spicy pork stone pot rice. The fries were amazing: per usual: while the fried chicken wings were meh - the batter seemed like a candied shell that you had to crack your teeth through to get to the meat which was flavourless. The buns were stellar: especially the fish: while the rice pot was right on point - but beware if you cant handle spicy. We got a Prime Rib K-BBQ mini-pot to share - it came with 9 pieces a minipot to cook your meat on: some fat: two slices of pepper: a mushroom: and some cheese. It was a cute experience cooking on that tiny grill: but beside that: it was an overpriced gimmick at $25-30.

After all of that: we were still hungry so we ended it with a beef jap chae and seafood pancake - both were enough carb to keep us filled up.

While the experience was overall pleasant: the modern takes didnt seem any special to us except that it was generic korean food served in smaller cuter plates: charging you higher prices. For 4 people and two carafes of alcohol: we spent $225: so it was a bit of a spendy night. Come prepared to try food: but also know what youre getting into.
This place has great Korean bar food. I bit on the pricy side and small portions but hey: its NYC so nothing is cheap. The wings were flavorful as well as the fried tofu. My favorite has to be the tiny personal side grille with pork belly. I tend to burn the meat to a crisp because I like the fat to be crunchy but this thing just melts in your mouth. Let it grill for about a minute on each side and its so delicious. Highly recommended. The bibimbap was good but the seafood soup was okay. Kalbi was average and the sojus are great! It could get really busy so expect long wait.
Id been to the other location was a mediocre experience: but this time around all was well...and tasty! The tapas style of shareable options was perfect! I love getting to try lots of flavors in one sitting. We ordered a the chicken buns: the special ramen of the day: shrimp ceviche: and pork dumplings and all delighted our palettes! Super happy! There isnt a ton of great spots in this area: so to see a flavor winner in midtown is a very nice addition!
Hey: what a find! I was in the neighborhood looking for a lunch place and stumbled upon Barn Joo 35. My friend and I were seated quickly and ordered the following. 

1. 2 pc of crispy chicken buns with truffle fries.
For the price (16): you only get 2 moderately sized fried garlic chicken in a bun with: korean pickled cucumber and sweet & spicy cinnamon mustard. It tastes great: but kinda expensive for what it is. The truffle fries were good and served with an aioli sauce.

2. BBQ chicken hotstone bowlserved hot with rice: sauteed vegetables: with miso soup and chili gochujang on the side. They give more meat than I expected: which is a plus. The bowl itself is also on the small size: but that may be because we came at lunchtime.

3. My friend ordered a galbi special (please see pictures) which was very tasty and came with miso soup and brown rice and a side of lettuce leafs.

4. We signed into Yelp to receive free soju shots!

Of note: the staff is extremely efficient and fast. All requests for more napkins: extra chopsticks: and condiments we carried out immediately.

Finally: this is not a typical Korean restaurant as there is no banchan. Final cost without tip was 50 dollars. Also if you pay in cash: the restaurant gives a 10% discount.

Im giving this a 5 because there is a good variety of food: all of which we ordered tastes good: and the serivce is all business and efficient. The free soju shots helped too: haha. But honestly: I plan to come back whenever Im in the area to try the following:

1. Soft shell crabpanko battered soft shell crab served with homemade tartare sauce and pico de gallo..

2. Ebi bimimbap served cold. soy sauce cured tiger shrimp with butter rice: pickled radish: salmon roe: crispy quinoa and fresh greens.
Very nice vibes in the restaurant! The service was a little slow as there were only 2 people that seemed to be working. We ordered the Korean wings in the hot and spicy flavor. The wings itself were very crispy: which I enjoyed. However: there wasnt much flavor to them. You could feel a kick of spice but aside from that there was no peak in flavor. And the dressing for the side salad seemed to have too much fish sauce in it. I would definitely go back to try something else there though!
I came here for dinner on a Wednesday night with friends. We ordered seafood ramen hotpot: tiger roll: wings: spicy pork rice dish: and roasted vegetables. Honestly had higher hopes of the food but this was a HUGE disappointment and I dont think I will be returning again. The portions were super small for a large price. Our tiger roll was $9 for 4 pieces which was really tiny for a $9 roll but it was good and I guess worth the price sort of. Next came the wings that came in 6 piece and the size of each wing was Like the size of chicken nuggets from McDonald even though it was flavorful but way too small. Then the spicy pork just tasted spicy with no flavor. The seafood ramen had clams and one shrimp but flavor was kind of bland and did not hit home for me. Roasted vegetables were way too salty and small for $9. Only things I enjoyed were the wings and tiger roll. I really had high hopes of this place considering this being my first time here but it doesnt seem like I will be returning.
If you are looking for a casual Korean fusion place to go with friends: work colleagues: make sure to try this location. 

Ive first been introduced to this place this year and have been back more than a handful of times for both lunch and dinner. The food is always delicious and the service is usually good. At times: when they are busy: the service may be a little slow. 

Food to Try: 
Fried chicken wings - soy garlic; truffle fries; truffle cheese rice cake; bulgogi tacos; pork belly nachos; dumplings; buns etc.

My go to are always the wings. Very lightly crisped: with a balance of sweet and savory. 
Tacos are amazing as well but it is hard to eat because it is loaded with flavor and meat. You will need extra napkins! 

Barn Joo receives 4 stars due to its watered down cocktails and the small tables. If you are going in big groups or expecting to order many dishes to share: the small tables are of an inconvenience. You will be elbow to elbow with the table next to you. 

However: it is a fun place to go for a casual night out and if you are craving wings or Korean food.
Korean snails and mussels and clam soup hit the spot. I was hoping for a sushi or izakaya dinner but the place I wanted to go was closed. Yelp to the rescue. The Korean places were aplenty but this place had a four star so I came on a wimp and it was amazing. What a find. Its 0.4 mile away from my hotel which I often stay at and I had about 10 minute to make up my mind but the server was super helpful. When I asked for a carb free menu they were very specific about what I should order. They did warn me the mussels and clam soup were going to be a lot of food but I was able to pack all of it away as I had not had much all day.

The Korean snails was such a delightful appetizer with a side of spicy onion served raw. I loved every bite.

New York never seizes to amaze me with hits abundant and amazing ethnic food. I would definitely come back for other things on the menu. Loved this find.
What a unique spot!

Barn joo serves Korean style tapas ~ its a unique blends of small plates and with options such as doing Korean barbecue: albeit youll get a really cute grill placed on your table. Since its small plates be prepared to have small portion: youll probably at least need to order three small plates per person.

Went with a party of seven and we ordered soft shell crab: tempura roll: spicy pork: beef bulgogi: short ribs for the grill: and a fish roe bimbimbap. Everything we got was very delicious and flavorful - not too salty not too sweet a perfect balance. Hands down best experience was the fish roe bibimbap: which is very unique and you dont see that in any other Korean restaurants around the area! Total bill for seven was 240 dollar not including tax or tip: so be wary because youll be ordering a lot in order to fill your stomachs and the prices are a tad bit high considering the portions that youll be getting.

Ambience is very hipster: slightly dark: and has soft music playing in the background. Definitely a good spot to hang with friends and family: and the Korean food that they serve is unique compared to the usual fare you get in Korea town. Will come back again!
Wow: what a great dinner! I found this place in a pinch when my friend came into town. Really cute vibe: smaller tables which is a bit frustrating but it goes to the cute vibe of the restaurant. It was very busy for a sunday night: I think I might have to book a table next time I go. 

I got the truffle fries (highly recommend) and the fried chicken. my friend order the bulgolgi bowl which was also really great. 

Staff were very prompt and quick. The drinks were definitely the best part of the meal: she and I both ordered a signature soju cocktail. Highly recommend. Will definitely come back!!!
Very good. The sushi donut is definite instagrammable as the waiter mentioned. I prefer my sushi in rolls thought. The donut had a lot more rice to fish ratio than a roll would. The popcorn chicken was good. The ambiance is cool. Dark. Intimate. Cozy. Prices are right. Its hipster Korean. Id go again.
Came here for some fried chicken wings and spicy ramen soup. My cravings for fried chicken were definitely satisfied. The chicken breading was extremely crispy and the chicken itself was juicy. We got both the soy and spicy flavor: which had just the right amount of spice. The side of truffle fries were super delicious as well.

We also got the seafood ramen: which included a generous serving of clams: mussels: and shrimp. It was good: but not as impressive as the chicken.

If you come here: I would stick with ordering their tapas: which I think they are more well known for: or the fried chicken. The soup was good but nothing extraordinary. The free lychee shots provided through yelp check in was also a plus!
Such a great place to come hang out and for tapas!

While visiting here: my fiance and two of my closest friends and I came here on a foodie evening. Theres good drink and good food here and even for a late night the options are endless. I already forgot what we had ordered but it was all good. You wont regret it.
Food: 3/5
Service: 4/5
Ambiance: 4/5
Overall: Some very innovative dishes but the flavor was a little hot and miss.

The extended review...

Food: 

Duck on the Grill - One of the more tastier dishes I had at this restaurant.  Yum!

Fried Shrimp - Very crispy but pretty standard in taste.  Nothing too special about it.  

Truffle Rice Cake - On paper it looked good and was very innovative.  Im a huge fan of rice cake so of course I ordered this dish.  The taste was decent but I wasnt wowed.

Soy Garlic Wings - Again I was excited about this but it didnt really wow me.  The taste was pretty mediocre and the fried chicken itself wasnt quite as tasty to me.

Kalbi Buns - Meat on a bun...usually cant go wrong but the taste was pretty mediocre. 

Service: Friendly and attentive service.

Ambiance: Good decor but pretty dark.
3.5

Happy hour specials: $5-7 drinks: limited specials for food include $1 wings (5 at minimum in soy garlic or hot spicy): $5 truffle fries and tofu. Soy garlic wings are pretty decent (similar to bonchon but a little on the dry side inside). Truffle fries are ok but not the best. Drinks are good I recommend the forsynthe that has lychee in it.

Regular menu: I love their uni bibimbap! Tuna mayo isnt bad either. Wouldnt really recommend their hot stone bibimbaps they are such tiny bowls and IMO could have a bit more flavor.

Its a decent place to go for the location. I end up here at times due to the location: but wouldnt go out of my way to come.
Came here for an evening dinner.  The staff was extremely friendly and very quick to get setting: drinks: even though the place was fairly crowded.
I decided on the NY Bites as I wanted to try something that was more "unique" to them.  It definitely steered further away from the Korean influence that I would have hoped for: but overall wasnt a bad dish.  Looking at what other people had chosen instead though I will say I did suffer from food envy on those going with the hot stone bowl dishes or any of the more standard Korean dishes.  
4 stars knowing that I would definitely come back here again to give them another shot and that while not happy with my choice: that falls on my decision: as the food I did receive was really good for what it was aiming to be.
You wont find the wheel or ted here: dont worry you got target dog and KakaoTalk dog to greet you by the hostess podium. 

They have a decent happy hour menu. Happy hour runs until 6pm. 
$1 wings (min order of 5)
$5 soju cocktails - theyre light and sweet. 
And truffle fries - you can smell and taste the truffle order

I love their umi bimbibap: very tasty and their texture is a nice mix.
Amazing service: fantastic food and a really warm atmosphere. Came here for a quick lunch but will be making it a regular HH spot. Also they offer 10% off if you pay cash!
This isnt your traditional Korean restaurant. There is no banchan nor tea but the food is interesting and pretty good. I had the hotstone bulgogi bowl and upgraded it to a platter which includes miso soup: a small salad: and two fried dumplings for a total of $15. The interior is nice: but a but dim and the tables are very close to one another. The tables are also pretty small so it will be cramped if you are not eating alone. 

The hotstone bowl came out sizzling and was good. The portion size is on the small side. The dumplings were delicious. The skin was golden: crispy: and glazed with honey. The miso soup was a bit spicy and bland. The salad was ok. I think it was served with soy sauce. Overall it was pretty good and a change from the usual Korean food.
My party of 8 came here for a weekend lunch after a movie at an odd hour at 3:00 pm. Most restaurant around the area are closed for lunch. Luckily for us: we made it just before they switched over to dinner menu. This place is still fairly busy but we got seats immediately. Upon arrival: we were welcomed and greeted by our waitress - she was fantastic! 

The lunch menu looks great with a number of sets to choose from. Farmers Meal was a party favorite - it has a well-balanced meal of protein: brown quinoa rice: miso soup: and fresh vegetables. I got the Sashimi Bibambap: it is like a Japanese-Korean chirashi bowl: if you will. Fresh cold green salad ingredients along with pickled radish and pickled jalapenos. Sashimi came with pieces of white fish: salmon: and tuna. I tried to order sashimi and adding the sea urchin but for some reason: they said I could only choose one. I found that odd since I am willing to pay for the extra ingredient. Other than that: the bibimbap bowl was pretty good. Lunch menu have a lot of healthy options and we were really happy with it. Truffle Fries that we ordered on the side were crispy: hot: and tasty - get it! 

Cocktails were amazing here! Get the juice and soju mixes like the Soju Punch. If youre not feeling the alcohol: the Sparkling Yuzu drink is the way to go!