Ever since I brunched at Beco with my friend: she has consistently reminded me about our experience. "Remember brunch at Beco?" Yeah: it was about an hour ago.  The point Im making is that Beco is really: really: ridiculously good.

The space is much smaller than I anticipated: but on a beautiful Sunday: the outdoor seating gave a nice expansion for patrons and their cute puppies.  The people here seem to be the cool kids in the neighborhood and for such a causal spot: people were still dressed to kill.

The brunch prix fix was perfect. One entree + espresso drink + cocktail.  Additional cocktails are priced in the single digits but one caipirinha is plenty strong.  My rabanada also did not disappoint.   Food is incredibly fresh and pleasing to the palette. 

Im curious to see what Beco brings at dinner time.  So much so that I may have to find out.
The food is great: and when the weather is nice its a perfect little place to sit outside. The reason I give it 3 stars is because 9 out of 10 times the staff is moody.
Im Brazilian. Ive come here many times because the food is legitimately what you might find in a casual Brazilian dining spot. Its also the only Brazilian place near my apartment. The music is also legitimate. That being said: the service here sucks. Its always been a bit chill: but tonight was a mess. The waitress got our drink orders wrong (fine: it was just a different type of caipirinha.) Then: she only ends up putting my order in the system: not my boyfriends. He never got his meal. Never coming here again and that pains me. This makes Brazilians look bad.
The service was pretty slow and there wasnt a lot of food for the money we spent. It tasted authentically Brazilian....but why are you paying so much for rice: beans: an egg and little pork? At the same time: this place has a sexy factor for the Williamsburg types. Also its a good hangover place: from the amount of grease in the food. My date and I felt uncomfortable sitting outside here: the chairs were kind of hard. The place is always packed so they dont need my five stars.
The food is authentic. The place looks pretty authentic too. 

Im pretty sure you get better service if you sit by the bar counter: but I find it hard to resist outside sitting on a quite block. The bartender is always smiling: unlike the waitresses. Its a cozy place with random nights with live music. 

The feijoada was delicious. I love that they offer it as a brunch option. We usually eat it on Saturdays or Sundays: depending of where you live in Brazil. For about $20 you get a drink and coffee with your meal. 

The farofa & vinaigrette were on point. I could eat those by the spoon full. Collard greens were bright and buttery. Rice tasted like it was made in a pot: not a lame rice cooker. 

Ive had their po de queijo and its good. 

Yes to caipirinhas. I think they use 51: unless that bottle is only for display. Haha 
Oh: they serve Guaran Antartica.  
Definitely worth coming here for brunch! Most of the entrees: with a caipirinha and coffee included: are about $16-17. 
Drinks are $5-6 during brunch. 

The only downside is that its CASH ONLY: but I think its worth getting cash out for this place.
Best vibe!  The food is incredible. The whiskey and coconut ice is a major crave of mine. Bartenders are like good friends you dont know the names of. The cooks are able to create consistent magic in the smallest kitchen. The music inspires me to pull out the shazam often. The mahogany bar is simple and sexy. One of my favorites of all time. Solo or w a crew... good times guaranteed.  Mad love to Alejandra and Estefi!
This is my favorite go to spot in Williamsburg. Amazing food and atmosphere! Their drinks are great and their brunch is a really good deal!
Probably the best Brazilian restaurant in NYC! Why probably? Never bothered going anywhere else after finding this gem!! Amazing food with a true authentic home-cooked feel to it: great ambiance and very fun bartenders to hang out with at the bar!! Get ready to stay longer because you simply wont wanna leave so soon!! Most definitely gonna come back!!!
I knew that I was geographically distant from Brazil: but I didnt expect the food to be so remote! I was not happy. It lacked flavor: condiments: ingredients. I dont think Ill return.
Beco was a lot of fun. What seemed like a simple unassuming room when I arrived on Sunday around 4:30: quickly turned into quite a lively and packed joint as day turned to night. Very nice: low key yet still with a date-ish vibe. As a previous tourist in Brazil: I dream of authentic caipirinhas: and this place got it! Not too mention a cool passion fruit play on a traditional caipirinha. I also had a spicy drink with honey and passion fruit which was amazing. 

As for the food: it was quite delicious. I ordered the Moqueca -shrimp stew with coconut milk (which I recall having made with fish in Brazil: but this was yummy all the same). My date got the Feijoada- black beans and smoked meat: which he thoroughly enjoyed as well. We also tried the cheese bread and the chicken croquettes for appetizers: both of which  Id recommend: especially the croquettes. 

On Fridays and Sundays they have a live ensemble band playing gorgeous Brazilian music. It really made the vibe and feel of this place transform: the whole room was really loving their set. I havent been in a place that made me recall Brazil more since my visit 2 years ago. So when Im getting the itch to return to Salvador or Rio: Ill just stop buy this place instead!
One of my favorite hangout places. The food is simple yet delicious:the staff is the real star they are  awesome. Great chill energy in this little gem of a place. I wish theyd have more specials.( I say this because of this wonderful codfish dish I had once: it should be on the menu.) Cash Only!
The place is cozy: service was really nice with the girl from Paraguay: our server. But the food and drinks werent good. The Feijoada has no taste at all: the Caipirinha wasnt good. Far to have a Brazilian taste. Sad cause I was so excited to try.
love their brazilian cheese bread and drinks. always packed so make sure you come early so youre not waiting in line all day
Beco is pretty Brazilian. Came here to watch a soccer game with some diehard fans (or futbol/football: if you want to get technical about it). I didnt have any of the food: but had a few caiparinhas.

I have fond memories of acai in Rio: especially with the guy yelling at the beach and the frozen kind you can get at a walkup window on the street. So I just had to try their acai and guava caiparinha. It was good: but not great.

However: I then spotted a Mikes Hot Honey caiparinha with passionfruit and lime. That one was great. A good amount of kick from the Hot Honey and some tartness from the passionfruit and lime. Actually ended up getting two of those.

Bartender was cool: but be warned that its cash only! Theres an ATM in the corner by the front though.
Beco is one of those (kinda hidden) Brooklyn gems that sets the mood by playing upbeat rhythmic music and serves up a truly delicious meal. My friends and I had such a great time last Saturday! The servers were attentive and everyone at the table truly loved their food. The fillet Mignon was a large serving of tender and juiciness beef with a perfectly cooked side of veggies.  The feijoada had the most amazing shredded collared greens paired with (not so salty: thank you) stewed pork and beans in a tin can mug. But please: get the traditional
Cheese bread for appetizers! My table of 4 ended up ordering it 3 different times throughout the meal: it was really that good! 

Warning: CASH ONLY: and extremely dark: BUT it was such a great time: definitely well worth coming to
Best Brazilian place in Brooklyn!!! Always try to make my way on Sundays for brunch whenever home sick and order their feijoada. Brunch special comes with a drink and coffee. Great food and after 5 every Sunday they play chorinho which is completely worth hanging around after brunch to listen to it.
Im Brazilian. Food was whack and three times the cost of what you would find anywhere else. Never been this disappointed with a Brazilian spot IN MY LIFE.
Bife a cavalo. Its the only thing I have ever eaten here. Ever. Mostly because I only brunch here and they only offer it for brunch. Its Brazilian steak and eggs and it is painfully delicious. I mean painfully as in it is a lot of food and I always eat all of it and leave in the why-the-eff-did-i-eat-all-of-that kind of discomfort.  The steak is seasoned by angels (dont be a savage and get it rare/medium rare). They bring it out with well cooked rice: perfectly cooked eggs: a green sauce that I would like to bathe in and a sort of pico de gallo type thing that I want to make my lifes goal on how to make.

all of the brunch cocktails are delicious (i find their bloody mary kind of lacking though). Their coffee drinks are great: iced latte FTW. While yes the space is cramped and youre eating with your neighbor and it is hotter than hell in the summer: it is just worth it. It really is. The staff is consistently nice. Their cooks are men of god and it is super fun to watch sporting events here. K its Sunday and the olympics are on and theyre in Rio so I have to go eat steak and eggs at Beco now. Go here.
Its like a Kermit the frog green space that feels charming and welcoming: I suppose the way he is. Cute space! Friendly service even for take out coffee: which is a not-so-hip $2. Es noice. Well stop by again.
Authentic Brazilian gem in Williamsburg. Enjoyed live music: great food and caipirinhas.