Wonderful dining experience here last night! The staff is very warm and accommodating. The food and caprihinas were delicious! Must get pao de quiejo! I had the skirt steak (A Fraldinha) and it was cooked to perfection (medium rare) with a buttery consistency. My date had the traditional Brazilian cut top sirloin (Picanha Tom Jobim): also cooked perfectly and was also tender! The portions are very generous: you will not be disappointed! Definitely coming back again soon
I always come here for legit Brazilian cuisine. The whole experience has always been delightful. Nathalia took care of us from beginning to end: she suggested a few items in the menu and made it all go smoothly. Good food: great ambience - highly recommend.
Guest Celeb Review: My Brazilian friend Nadja

As a Brazilian Im very particular and picky when comes to Brazilian restaurants in the US. However: Berinbau have a great atmosphere: fun and attentive servers! I highly recommend the Casquinha de Siri as a appetizer and the Bobo de camarao and the Picanha for entree. For desert all options are amazing! The Brigadeiro was delightful! Ah! Dont forget to try a Batida de maracuja! Yummy creamy passion fruit drink ;)
Wow: this place is incredible! Its not memorable from the outside but trust me: you will remember the food!

Do yourself a favor and get the great cheesy breads. We also got the fritters: which I think are called coxihna. The star of the show was the steak stroganoff.  That was incredible and Ive been craving it for about a week. 

The cocktails and desserts were great too!
Delicious! Albeit a bit pricey for what it is in brazil: it is worth it for authentic brazilian taste. The pao de queijo is squishy and scrumptious: as is the bacalhau and picanha. The homemade hot sauce is potent and addictive. Caipirinhas are tasty too.
Very good Brazilian food. Maybe I would have liked a little more rice with the feijoada: but was OK. The fried empanada a little bit dry compared with what I am used to eat in Argentina: buy maybe is the Brazilian taste. The flan was huge: it could be shared: I was alone so I end up eating it all. There was Guarana: my favorite soda: but it was not in the menu: I order it anyway just because I saw pictures of it on Yelp. Also: most Brazilian eateries have Guaran.
Wil go again if I have a chance.
Came here for their Thanksgiving pre fix which was a fine meal albeit a bit expensive. The Pao de quejio was delicious and warm but they only gave us two pieces which was a hummer. The crab app was served in an oyster shell and very delicious and then I got the shrimp which was absolutely creamy and well flavored with the rice. Overall great cozy restaurant.
I harassed these poor people for weeks to book a party of 15 for my friends birthday and it was worth it.  I had a bundle of trusty Brazilians with me so ordering was easy.  The food was delicious.  We got the cheese bread and some cod ball things for appetizers (do yourself a favor and get the cheese bread).  Almost everybody ordered the picanha with yuca fries. So flavorful. Food came out a little slow but I think it is just because it is a small restaurant and there were so many of us. I would totally come back again. 

The place is pretty small and doesnt really have a noticeable sign. Good thing the outside is green and yellow and easy to spot!
Second time here and bad experience all over again. While food is all right: the service is horrible. We came on a Friday night and were seated in the back section. The waitstaff kept forgetting about us: and to get some sort of service we had to get attention of the cooks which are in the middle of the restaurant so they could alert the waiters in the front of the restaurant. 
We also overhead waiters complaining among themselves that they were even bothered to come serve us. 
Food-wise: coxinhasa were good: but not the best I had. The steak was ok. Desert was excellent. 
Really wanted to like this place but the inattentive and ignorant service ruined entire experience.
A cozy Brazilian spot on charming Carmine street in NYCs West Village neighborhood. This place offers Brazilian specialties... definitely try the Passion Fruit Caipirinha: cheese bread and Brigadeiro truffle chocolate. I wasnt a fan of the Moqueca a Baiana - too rich for me!
An under the radar spot full of flavor! One of my fav brunch places in the city for sure. Ive come here 2 times before and my most recent visit (for a birthday brunch) reminded me why I just love this restaurant. The food is great! We ordered their pao de quejo (cheese bread) as a starter and were floored by just how good they were. I then went ahead and ordered their empanadas: which came with 4 for the brunch special and shared the tuna tartare with a friend. Both dishes were tasty and just the right amount. As for drinks! AMAZING. I ordered their cashew fruit with lime Caipiroska and just wow! The venue itself is also full of charm with a lot of great Brazilian art around and they do have a small garden in the back. Definitely check this place out!!
This is my first time trying Brazilian cuisine. I had a wonderful lunch here. This is a small restaurant: so if you are thinking of coming in with a huge group you might have trouble getting multiple tables. 

My friend and I went for the lunch special: which ranges between $11-$14. This may sound steep for lunch: but you get a good amount of food for the amount you spend. I ordered the Strogonoff de Frango (Strips of chicken breast in creamy tomato sauce). My friend ordered the Chicken breasts with cheese and tomato on top (sorry I forgot the name of it). One of our dishes comes with a small bowl of black beans.

Waiting for the food took a little while. There are only two chefs cooking in the kitchen. Its worth the wait though because the food is absolutely amazing.

The Strogonoff de Frango has a very strong taste and is creamy. The thinly sliced mushrooms really complement the dish. I got full from this meal so easily because the sauce is quite filling. Came with white rice. I enjoyed this very much. 

My friends chicken was great. Imagine a chicken Parmesan that is crispy but the sauce tasting a bit different than your ordinary tomato sauce. It came with yuca fries which are thinly sliced and so crispy! Came with white rice. I would totally recommend this dish as well. 

Bathroom is super small and awkward. Not clean: not dirty either. Ive seen a lot worse.

I would recommend giving this place a visit during lunch time so that you can take advantage of the cheaper prices. I will be going back to Berimbau for sure.
I have been wanting to try this place for a really long time. I came here with a party of four with a reservation for 7PM. Two of my friends came late: one at 7:15 and one at 7:30 and people working were very nice about it. 

The drink that I got was super fruity but strong. The cheese bread appetizer was delicious and I strongly recommend it. We got the chicken and shrimp stroganoff: seafood stew and a beef stew that was super tender. Based off of the food: I would give them 4 stars. However: the extra star definitely goes to the service as it was very well deserving. I accidentally tipped over one of the glasses which shattered next to me. The waitress was not only very nice about it: but also joked about giving me a plastic cup. This action alone earned her extra tip! 

I would definitely come here again and recommend for my friends to come here as well.
We ordered delivery STROGONOFF DE FRANGO and CHURRASQUINHO. Yes: these were tasty but the amount was so little!!!! Only two sticks (skewer ) of stake for $16? Really? I wont order again.
Decent menu: more of a Rio mixed with some northern Brazilian food. The menu isnt very extensive but the drinks (caipirinhas) are great! If you are nearby: and have already tried other Brazilian places: go for it. If not... try another Brazilian place.
Im so excited about discovering this place. Located in West Village and on the more expensive side: but the food is worth it. Ive been here once for dinner and once for lunch. Both times the staff was really nice and accommodating. The restaurant is quite small: so if you have a large group during dinner: I suggest you make a reservation. I was able to make a reservation for 8 people a few days in advance via OpenTable. It wasnt crowded at all though: so we probably didnt even need the reservation.

Dinner:
Po de queijo - This was the main reason why I came here. I heard about how good these cheese puffs were and they were as chewy and delicious as described. Theyre similar to puffy little mochi with cheese baked into it. They are baked fresh as you order and take about 15 min. to come out: so order these first before choosing anything else on the menu.

Yucca fries - I love Yucca fries better than french fries now. These were crispy and really good: but came in a really small basket.

Calabresa Acebolada - These were sweet sausages pan-fried in butter and onions. Compared to the rest of the food: not as interesting: but the sausages made for a good appetizer. 

Mocqueca a Baiana - The seafood stew was delicious and my favorite entree of the night. It was full of shrimp: calamari: and Mahi Mahi. The coconut stew was delicious especially ladled over the garlic rice. The dish is large: so its shareable with others

Strogonoff de Frango - This dish was really creamy: so I wasnt a big fan. Strogonoff makes me think itll be some kind of pasta: but its actually covered in potato sticks

Costelinha de Porco - I didnt try the ribs: but I loved the feijao tropeiro (country beans) that came with it. It was some kind of mix of beans: egg: and other things I cant identify. I would have loved to have this as a side if it were available on the menu.

Lunch:
Fraldinha berimbau - This was grilled skirt steak served with mushroom sauce: yucca fries and sauted collard greens. Someone recommended me to come here because their skirt steak is apparently the best. Im not a steak person: so I cant tell if its the best: but I enjoyed it very much. I asked for medium rare and they didnt overcook it. The steak was juicy and made even better with the mushroom sauce. 

Churrasquinho - I only had a small cube of this: but it was as good as the Fraldinha. I did like the Fraldinha better because that came with yucca fries and this came with cilantro rice. The portion size for this dish also seemed smaller than the Fraldinha even though both are $13.95.

It seems like a lot of regulars come here. Ill definitely be back again: especially for the po de queijo and yucca fries.
Wow: what a great dinner spot! I was promptly seated and enjoyed a classic Caipirinha: Po de queijo (cheese bread) and picanha (top sirloin). It all tasted authentic and reminded me of what my Brasilian friends cook for me. The rice and beans were so delicious: yet simply Brasilian. I am happy I tried this spot and I cant wait to return with some friends! Also: the service was efficient and friendly!
Where shall I begin??

I looked up this lovely establishment on yelp.
And it definitely lived up to the hype..
This place is the real deal. 
Besides having to wait over an hour plus  due to some   heavy traffic but really due to the worker at the front not calling us back: like she said:
we ended up walking in on our own..besides that small rant..

The food was absolutely wonderful. 
The drink Caipirnha was pretty good and strong: I had the guava flavor. 
Also I tried the "Pao de queijo" aka cheese balls..was definitely the go to item..
As the "main course"
I had "Picanha tom jobim" the steak was definitely well done.
 And thee yucka fries were pretty good.
 
I would definitely recommend this and place to others and Ill
Definitely revisit this place again..
Im not sure what got me in the mood for Brazilian food. Maybe it has something to do with the fact that Ive eaten and done nothing but watch the Rio Olympics for 8 days straight. In any case: it was worth it because it brought me to Berimbau Do Brasil. 

The place looks small: but its quite spacious in the back: and even has a nice patio. Always ALWAYS start with the cheese bread. Not only because theyre a must at any Brazilian joint: but also because it takes 40 mins to make. So start with them before worrying about what else youre going to get. These little dough balls are chewy and delicious! We then ordered the Calamari which was decent: but nothing crazy spectacular or Brazilian about them. I say: if youre eating ethnic cuisine: you best go all the way. I ended up ordering the Feijoada--it was Fantastic. Chunks of pork dotting a flavorful stew: and the little sides were all great complements to the main dish. 
I definitely look forward to eating here again.
Worse service ever.  Will never go here again.  Waitress kept trying to tell our party to leave.  Made the experience of dining here terrible.   There are way too many restaurants in NYC to have to tolerate bad service.