Best. Burger. Ever.!! My husband: friends and I love bk jani! I would have it everyday I can. The beef burger: lamp chops: seekh kabab and masala fries are my favorite. The spice is just right. I wish they were opened later than 10 pm for late night munchies!
Best Burger in NYC....Its always worth the traffic into Bushwick Brooklyn.
but this one hands down is Worth it all.
I went there after all the yelp recommendations: very mediocre: chicken burger sucked: lamb chops were good: Sheekh kabab were okay: beef burger which was not with the mint chutney was good. Expensive for what it is. Try it if you are in the hood. No need to make a special trip! Nothing to rave about it!
There was no line at all here: probably because it isnt Manhattan. We were here around 7:30 pm on a Friday night. 

We all ordered the lamb chops with either roasted veggies or fries. The lamb was really good but quite spicy even if you specify mild. Sauce that came with it was great as well. The roasted veggies were ok but I think next time I will get the fries: which are seasoned with the same spicy powder as the lamb.. pretty good portion size: considering lamb: for less than $20. 

Note that there is no bathroom or sink to wash your hands in: however there are packaged wet wipes at the counter at the
Hands down: the BEST burger Ive ever had! American style with Pakistani flair: this burger MELTS in your mouth: and on top of that: its even halal! The space is small: but its really well-decorated and the wait is relatively short. For the Zabihah-Halal crowd all I can say is that this place makes makes Honest Chops (and all others) look like McDonalds.
This is my absolute favorite burger spot in NYC: halal and non-halal included. 

I always order the burger w/ no sides ($12) and at the spicy level. It is extremely juicy no matter how you get it cooked (I get mine medium-well). I love the spices they put on it. Just be aware that it does not come with the usual lettuce: tomatoes: or cheese: but just a green chutney sauce. But that is really all you need.

Ive ordered the lamb chops before and I am not a huge fan but other people seem to enjoy them a lot. Ive also gotten their kababs and I think they are the best kababs I have ever tried: but a bit too expensive for my wallet. I usually dont get any sides because their fries kinda suck...they should make masala fries or something because it is pretty bland. The veggies are just OK. Not really worth paying an extra $3. 

I like that they have more napkins and utensils available now. The fact that they accept venmo is also really convenient.
Loved the fact there was a small menu. They nailed everything on there: why go big and try to do everything when you can just be the best at what you know? MASTER OF YOUR DOMAIN.

The cashier was extremely friendly and enthusiastic about the business. Im from Pakistan and loved the fact that I got the vibe of a laid back business were food was the focal point. Exactly how I would feel in Lahore. 

Quality ingredients and consistent taste. What else could you ask for?
Ended up coming here with my roommates because it was way too hot to cook. This place is absolutely delicious. The lamb chops are phenomenal. The burgers are great. The shikanjvi is amazing. Its all delicious and thats for sure: but what really makes it for me is the Pakistani flavors influence on a classically western menu.  I loved the service. I loved the interior design. I recommend the Jani burger and dont pass up on the Lahori Limeade (its like carbonated shikanjvi). The guy who owns the place is great too. A true Brooklyn gem.
Best desi BBQ Ive had in the states. 
Its a small menu: not many choices. But everything is spiced in the traditional Pakistani way: but as opposed to over cooking the food like most Pakistanis do: the chef here uses European techniques to ensure the meat is perfectly moist. 
Our group ordered one of everything - and shared. 
The rack of lamb was far and away the best of the day.
Chops are amazing just like the lamb sticks of Chengdu street BBQ: didnt had such taste for quite a while:  BUT burgers were not good at all: the quantity and quality are both 2/10 you can visit them for chops only: they are over priced for the kind of burger they serve as compared to other burgers. 
I was actually reffed here by a friend but I am actually reall very disappointed. 
To sum up in one line: #Overpriced and #overrated place for no good reason.
No burger on the face of this earth rivals BK Janis.

Any list of "best burgers in NY" immediately loses all credibility in my eyes if BK Jani is not in one of the top three spots. 

The lamb chops are incredibly juicy and unique. And now they have a fried chicken sandwich that is insane.

And thankfully: everything is SPICY to keep away the wrong kind of people (you know who you are!)
BK Jani which stands for "Brooklyn Sweetheart" has truly taken over Storybrooke - pun intended  with its magical burgers that makes you fall in love with food all over again :p BK Jani owner: Mr. Sibte is a self-taught chef with no prior experience in culinary arts. It boggles the mind when you hear this because of the damn-good burgers he dishes out on paper plates with a satisfying  1/2 pound High Quality Halal Organic Meat which is enormously huge: mouthwatering: and perfectly seasoned patties.

This small burger joint comes with a big heart!  We really loved the ambiance and the artistic decor! Beautiful murals painted by local artists and amazing artwork on display which is for sale by the artist. The menu is simple which is great and easy to chose from. You get Cream-of-the-crop cut steak plus meat which is aged for 30 days giving the meat its flavors: which justifies the price.

BK Jani is raising the bar on a new level for Halal Burger Joints. As someone who only eats Halal Food: this is by far the best tasting burgers we have had in New York City: so far. One bite into that perfectly seasoned meat is ready to melt in your mouth: like magic with burst of flavors.

Its a Must Try! You will thank us
This is by far the best burger I have ever had! Succulent meat with a perfect green mint sauce: spicy and zesty! Perfectly grilled lamb chops and to top it all beef tikka roll! Great service! Would highly recommend it!
I will begin this review by saying the food was good I really enjoyed all the distinct flavors. I had the chicken tikka with fries which was good; strong flavors and real spicy. I like the homemade ketchup too. My husband had the BK Jani burger but now it gets complicated... When I called to order the food a man (probably the owner) picks up so I could put in my pick up request. His tone was strong and aggressive and he proceeded to ask me how did I want the burger cooked. I said well done and his response was exactly "why would you want to kill my burger" .... Wait what.... Sir you asked me how do I want it cooked. I said that is how I like my burger meat cooked. Just know that the menu lists a side note to get it cooked how you want. He then says that they do not cook their meat that way but he will cook it and it will not come out well done. Then I asked for the smashed potatoes and he says with an attitude "what menu are you reading.. we dont have that." Okay at that point it became awkward. I just ordered the fries as my choice of side and asked for the total.
If youve never been to BK Jani then you dont know what REAL smooth: juicy and  1/2 pound meat burger taste like. 

  Trust me this is the best burger Ive ever had and it was my first time to go thanks to the yelp! 

P.s If u guys know Burger by honest chop in Mcdougal st. and ate there? Well: this is the better one! 

Visited: Sunday Sep-20th
Had always heard about this place and finally got a chance to try it out. A friend and I ordered our food to go. I ordered a chicken roll and it was fantastic. It was a decent size and spiced perfectly. Im Pakistani and the spices used were definitely authentic. Food took a while to come out but the end product totally justified that. Will definitely come back here.
The lamb chops are my absolute favorite.  Juiciest most delicious burger ever. If you order the burger: eat it at the restaurant so that you can enjoy the perfectly toasted bun. My mouth is watering writing this review!!
Havent tried the food yet but I called at 7:30 to pick up my food when is ready. The guy said something like 10-15 min. I told him Im 20-30 min away. When I showed up at around 8:10 my food want ready because I waited till 8:50 to finally get my order. During that time Ive seen other customers be seated and get their food that came after me. Smh this is ridiculous. Like come on
Best burger in Bushwick hands down. It was really yummy and juicy. Fries too. Service with a smile. I will be back again
This is definitely one of the besttt places Ive been to!  
I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND the BEEF BURGER!!