Comfort food which tastes like something cooked at home. 
Service is great. Be prepared for waiting in a line.
Sake cocktails are great. My elderflower could be a tad less sweet though. 
Octopus was amazing. Very nice flavors.
The pancake was brilliant. Soft: yummy: and delicious.
The seafood soup was packed with meat and a beautiful comfort broth. 
Our spicy fish broth was okay not great and had a lot of meat as well. The noodle was good and held texture even after a while. 
They serve it on a flame so you can enjoy your hot food.
Choc mousse was good. Green tea cheese cake isnt my thing so no comment.
This place was PACKED on a Saturday night and they said they were all booked up so our party of 7 ended up waiting out in the cold for a good 45 minutes. The slowpokes in our group werent given a hard time since they wouldnt seat us without our whole party present anyways. Nevertheless: reservations highly recommended since all I could do in that waiting time was gawk at the people eating warm soup inside D:

Her Name is Han serves a bunch of Korean comfort foods family-style so it was great for our large party. Our table ordered Budae Jjigae: Bossam Pork Belly: Cream Croquettes: and another hot pot (dont quite remember the name). Everything was flavorful and filling. The bill came out pretty decent for the amount of food we ordered too!

I wouldnt say Id go out of my way for this place without a reservation and since I could cook some of the dishes at home for half the price. Still a solid spot for groups to catch up...just remember to make reservations!
Came here for dinner on a bad weather day and it was still lively. The staff was very friend and we were seated immediately. I shared their special hot pot it included scotched eggs shrimp: mussels: clams:sausages:rice cake and more. Thet also come with some freshly made side dishes that are good too. I will definitely come here again in future.
I absolutely loved my experience at Her Name is Han. We ordered the sweet and sour chicken rice: bulgogi stew: and a chicken dish. All were phenomenal and I would highly recommend. The bulgogi stew is a good size for 2 people. We also ordered drinks -- the Jeju Island and Peach Blossom. The Jeju Island was SO unique. It was very floral and fragrant in the best way. Would also highly recommend. 

The Spring Blossom dessert was really the dish that blew us away. It was so amazing that I remember exactly what was in it. Black sesame ice cream with green tea biscuit crumbs and dried strawberries. The flavors were perfectly balanced and I couldnt recommend this dessert more. We wiped that dessert plate so clean that the busboy literally said "wow" in shock as to how clean it was.

I made the mistake of not making reservations on a Friday night and did have to wait an hour. I would normally never wait an hour or think anything is worth an hour wait: but Im tempted to say it was worth it. Regardless: dont be dumb like me and do make a reservation.
Hands down one of my favorite places in Ktown and even NYC! I cant get enough of this place. This is my go-to place to take friends who visit the city.

Food - everything that Ive tried has been delicious. I love the grilled pork belly. Ive gotten that twice! They also serve you complementary side dishes. Yumm. I got their Harmony in Flavor Hot Pot (Rice Cake: Fish Cake: Noodles: Beef: Sausages: Assorted Seafood & Vegetables in a Spicy Fish Broth). Ive gotten their crispy pancakes with seafood and peppers: plus their pork belly platter. All are SO delicious. I could get everything again.
 
Service - great! The waitresses and waiter are super friendly and attentive. Each time I go there: that has been the case. Even when the restaurant was at full capacity: the food came out reasonably quickly! 

Lovely interior and ambience - great place to hang out with friends or for a date.

Its super close to street where all the Ktown restaurants: bars: bakeries: and shops are clustered. So what I like doing is grab dinner here and then take my out of town friends to explore the paradise of desserts and drinks on that Ktown street nearby. 

There are no reservations. This place is often busy so unless you get there pretty early like 5-6pm. Otherwise: be prepared to wait! 
Of note: when its colder outside you wait in this outdoor area so it can get chilly. Make sure to be dressed warm for that in case you have to wait. 

The combination of the pretty interior: wonderful service: and delicious food makes this place one of my favorite.
I can be a snob about people trying to make Korean food hip. I love my mamas cooking but this place has that new feel with the same great taste. 

Get one of the pots (jeongol)-- they are delicious. 

Dont bother drinking soju here. That is a 200% mark-up!!! However: Im a fan of good cocktails and these were good (albeit: a little sweet). Try Peach Blossoms!
I had the honor of trying Her Name Is Han again: a perfect companion to a rather rainy and surprisingly chilly weekend. Home run with the atmosphere: cozy: clean: and again one of the only places in Koreatown that is busy yet you can hear everyone at the table. Its also located next to Arlo Hotel if youre already going for drinks. 

The service was extremely prompt and lovely. We got seated right as we walked in: which was amazing. We felt very taken care of. The banchan was even more delicious this time: especially the tiny crunchy lotus root. I could have had a whole meal of just that!

We had to go for the sticky rice cake again because it was my favorite last time and it was still on point. Our server said its her favorite too: so dont miss out! Perfectly cooked: just slightly caramelized with yuzu gochujang sauce. Even as youre getting full: you cant help but eat them all.  

We did the right thing ordering the hot pot this time. ORDER THE HOT POT! They have a couple of different combinations: we got the one with pork ribs: homemade kimchi: potatoes: enoki: bok choy: sujebi (Korean Gnocchi): and organic tofu in beef bone broth (C7). Good portion and the meat was SO tender. The sujebi was also cooked perfectly: and I thought it was the exact right orchestra of flavors. My friend was super addicted to the tofu: and I loved it as well.

The baby octopus and edamame fried rice was on point: good texture: not too oily. A note that we asked for ours without butter so that it would be dairy-free (they were very accommodating about dietary restrictions). A much bigger portion than expected: so generous. I was impressed. I loved the garlic in it: too. 

My only complaint is that the food was too delicious so we couldnt stop eating it: ha! I was impressed by the tastiness and presentation: and I cant wait to come back. I love that they take reservations: so you can plan ahead to come here for all your special occasions. The vibe is great for chill/casual but also nice enough for a celebration. 

I also like that the ingredients are clean and fresh so that you dont go home feeling that heavy coma-like feeling that can often happen after a trip to Koreatown: you know what I mean?

A special thank you to Jin and the rest of the Her Name Is Han team for being so wonderful.
We had a reservation for 9 pm on a Monday and were seated immediately. 

Grapefruit sowuju - tastes extremely strong. I ate the grapefruits which were potent. According to their menu: the fruits are aged for 100 days. Quite a bit of alcohol but the cocktails taste much better.

Joon - crispy pancake with shrimp and hot peppers. Definitely use the house sauce. Pretty light on the batter. Comes in 4 pieces. Great for sharing.

Hot pot portioned for 2 people.

chicken: potatoes: turnip: lotus roots: clear noodles hot pot - Chicken broth is really clean and lightly flavored. Extremely easy to drink. Mix of chicken thigh and wings. Potatoes are softttt. Lotus roots have a nice crunch. I definitely liked this pot more. 

Rice cake: fish cake: noodles: beef: sausages: assorted seafood: spicy fish broth hot pot - looks really spicy but doesnt taste like it. I had a side of rice since this pot was spicier. Has a mix of both ramen and japchae noodles. The beef was tough since it was cooked too long. Id recommend eating that first. Rice cake was fairly plain and tastes better mixed with the sauce. 

Hot pot also comes with a 5 side of banchan. 

Tiramisu dessert - almost like a heavy cream but not too sweet. 

They give bottles of water here to refill on your own. I definitely prefer this. Service was fine. Food brought out fairly quickly.
This has been one of my favorite restaurants that Ive tried in New York. The food: service: and atmosphere are all excellent!!

We werent able to get a reservation: and I heard you had to get there a bit earlier to get a table for dinner. We arrived at 6:15 and ended up waiting a little over 30 minutes: which isnt too bad because they text you when your tables almost ready and theres a lot of other things to see and do in Koreatown.

We ordered the Bibimbap and a Jeongol (C6) to share. There was more than enough food for the both of us: making this place relatively affordable. We probably could have ordered an appetizer instead of the larger Bibimbap. We also got the Blue Jeju Cocktail which was not only beautifully presented: but also quite delicious. Will definitely be back to try their other dishes and drinks!
Amazing! Really loved this place. I ordered the vegetable bibimbap with beef: and my friends got a hot pot soup: a noodle soup: and the pork belly. Everything was super tasty: satisfying: and filled with a variety of different ingredients. Prices are on the high side for some dishes: but so are the portions. 

Service is also very attentive. The waiter made sure to check several times with me due to my garlic/onion intolerance: and the kitchen tried their best to keep sauces with garlic/onion on the side.

Bill came out to $138 before tip for four people: but thats including a $32 jug of grapefruit sowuju: which was also super tasty. Ive never had it before: but I loved the fruity booze.
No wait for a table for 2 on a Weds night at around 6:30. I suppose we got REALLY lucky.

Shared hotpot is a must. Definitely enough for two to share. Would recommend the han signature hotpot for spice lovers: spicy but with a sweet flavor. Wish this was kept warm for the whole meal though because when the fire dies down: the soup turns a little goopy.

Grilled beef short plate is kind of like a warm salad with a peppery savory feel. Also has enoki mushrooms  which gave even more happy feels.

Fire grilled pork belly had the perfect amount of fat (Im very picky about fat content being 50-50).

Over ordered for two because we wanted to try everything. So will definitely be coming back!
My friends and I went here for a lunch for one weekend and it was very trendy. The environment for me was very hip and they had random objects being used for ornaments and decorative items for the store. The food presentation here was perfect for foodies who take pictures: they are very photogenic. The main entrees were usually plated in trays similar to a trays in cafeterias but in an ornated fashion. 

We ordered the avocado fries and croquettes for appetizers: which werent bad. As for the side dishes included with the entrees: which were the grilled hokke: tuna tataki platter: and the seafood hotpot: I think they were the stars of the dishes. The candied lotus root and the sauteed watercress complimented very well with the grilled hokke(Mackeral). The tataki was prepared beautifully: but I didnt care for it. Unfortunately: the seafood hotpot was not doing it for me at all. I found the wontons were over-cooked and the broth to be tepid.

Overall I will give it 3.5 stars: I am disappointed in the hot pot: but everything else was good. I will go here at my free will....eh: however if my friends suggest coming here again I wont mind.
Make a reservation! (if its for a weekend evening: I recommend doing it at least a week in advance). I was seated immediately even though my friend hadnt arrived yet: and that was nice.

We ordered the budae jeongol (army stew casserole): and it was good. I wish the cheese was spread out a little more uniformly (it kind of just melts into one part of the pot). It doesnt come with rice by the way. We also tried the corn & potato croquettes: which are really good but pretty tiny for the price ($10 for 2 pieces ; $14 for 3). 

I tried the jeju island cocktail and my friend had the elderflower (tastes more lychee than anything). We both really liked them: but were just not cocktail people: so we ended up getting a bottle of cabernet. This is clearly not a wine place: and the wine isnt very good. They dont have wine glasses either. We are wine people however: so we drink crappy wine if we have to.

Service is quick and they dont check up on you to see if youre enjoying everything/if you need anything: which is pretty normal for most Korean places - and I personally prefer it this way. Its easy to get the attention of the multiple workers pacing about busily.
 
I debated between 3 and 4 stars: but I picked 3 because I just dont get the hype. The food is definitely good: but its not particularly more tasty than other places in K-Town in my opinion (maybe its just what I ordered?). 
And some of the menu options seem overpriced to me. I think the large casseroles are worth the price: but your bill could easily rack up if you went for small plates (which honestly look super tasty but Im poor).

TLDR: Im not saying dont go. Go. Foods good: albeit a bit overpriced. But its definitely not worth the long waits if you dont have a reservation.
Loved this place! Everything we had was delicious: the wait staff were really nice (shout out to Anyu) and the atmosphere was good for a date or larger get together with friends. I would reorder everything we got. If you get the octopus dish and the shrimp pancake: keep the sauce to dip with the pancake ;) Definitely recommend.
I had bookmarked this restaurant some time ago and finally got a chance to have dinner here. We arrived early on a Thursday night and were seated immediately. It started to get crowded by about 6:30.

Nice ambiance: surprisingly quite in a good way: you could actually have a conversation in a crowded restaurant.

Interesting menu divided up by different types of preparations along with pictures of each meal. I ordered the Kimchi hotpot which was literally hot temperature and hot spicy. Note: when a dish is red its spicy hot. Once you get past the hotness its a great meal. Lots of tender pork ribs and veggies. Great meal for 2 on a cold night. The Han bibimbab was a good vegetarian option and offset to the spicy Kimchi hotpot. 

They have a variety of cocktails: sochu and sakes. I had the Kukusui sake for $20 which arrived in a small ice bucket: nice touch.
Her name is Han is SO good. Ive been here a few times before: but the food was particularly good on my most recent visit. I came with my two friends around 6:30 PM on a Monday and there wasnt a wait. However: there were reservations ahead of us so we just had to be done eating by 8:15 PM: which was fine for us.

Usually theres a wait on weekends and Ive had to wait around 20-30 minutes a few times on weeknights. I highly recommend making a reservation: especially for more popular times. 

They have a lot of hot broth soups with various ingredients inside. We order the one with beef: glass noodles: mushrooms: scallions: and other various vegetables inside. The actual ingredients didnt have a lot of flavor: but I enjoyed that because it tasted very clean. The broth: however: was super rich and really tied the whole dish together. 

We also ordered the pork belly and it was definitely one of the best pork bellys Ive ever had. The meat pieces are super thick: and they have a nice ratio of lean to fat meat (granted how lean can pork really be). Im normally not a huge fan of pork belly because it feels really heavy and unhealthy to me: but this particular one was not very oily at all. And similar to the broth: it tasted very clean and fresh. 

These two dishes: along with 3 side orders of white rice and all those free side dishes in the beginning: were more than enough for my 2 friends and I. For the pork belly: broth pot: and 3 bowls of rice: we ended up paying around $75 with tip and tax included. While definitely not cheap: this place is delicious and 100% worth it. Obviously its not a place to eat at ALL THE TIME: but once in a while: it is a nice treat. 

I did leave feeling super full: but I didnt feel bloated or disgusting. I will continue to return this restaurant and enjoy their great food!
I have been here four times with my boyfriend: three times for dinner and once for brunch.

We didnt make reservation for any of the visits: but we did make sure we came early every time - 6pm for dinner and 12 pm for brunch so that we never had to wait. However: seats do fill up quickly.

My favorite dishes here are the salmon set for brunch: the Buddae jiggae and the free appetizers. The fried chicken has too thick breading: so I didnt really like it. 

The service here is also better than other ktown restaurants - the servers all had smiles on their faces: which is really nice. I would recommend this place for dates or dining with a small group of friends.

I took one star off because I felt like it is a bit overpriced.
Came here for dinner 2 weeks in a row.  The fried chicken was spot on and both of the pancakes were very flavorful with a light crunch.  The baby octopus was a bit salty but still yum. The beef stew was very good and you must eat with a bowl of rice. Lunch is also very well portioned and I had the fried fish which was healthy and light.
Ive had Her Name Is Han bookmarked forever and was finally able to visit last night! A few friends and I left the rooftop at Arlo NoMad to grab a bite to eat: and luckily it was right next door! We stopped in around 8:30 and we were quoted a 20 minute wait: but only waited about 10 minutes to be seated. Our waitress was so nice and helpful. She talked us through the menu and the Korean style of eating. She recommended a few dishes that we loved! Everything is meant to be shared by 2 people: but the serving sizes are quite larger than expected. We were full after sharing 3 dishes. 

- A1: Boiled Pork dumplings ($8)
- C5: Ham pot with noodles: cheese: rice cakes: beans and veggies in a beef broth ($33)
- E2: Sweet and sour chicken fried rice ($14)

They also serve you 5/6 sides to share during the meal. We really liked the beat & potato salad and kimchi! 

We were stuffed and the entire meal came out to approximately $20 a person; such a deal!
Came here not sure what to expect. This seemed like a korean tapas restaurant.

I wish I only got the small dishes. We ordered the baby octopus: the seafood pancake: and a pot dish (c6). It had some hot dog: mussels: clams: rice cakes.

The small dishes were easily my favorite and they were all a bit unique. For the octopus: it was one of the softest octopus Ive ever had. The sauce was also a very light sauce and that lets you focus on how well its been cooked.

The seafood pancake isnt really a seafood pancake as it only contains a couple of ingredients: small shrimp and green peppers. Traditionally seafood pancake has many more ingredients: but they focused on making this a very thin pancake by also using small shrimp. The crispiness was amazing: well seasoned: and didnt even need the dipping sauce. So crunchy on the outside: and a little thin layer of softness in the middle. Definitely my favorite dish.

The pot...I feel like is just meant to fill you up. The broth is full of oil so you cant really drink it. The ingredients all didnt really soak up the sauce. It really just felt like: a pot of semi-spicy sauce tossed with some ingredients. As boring as it sounds.