Three most important words: instant mashed potatoes. I ordered one of the pricier options on the menu from the waiters suggestion and it was horrific. The fish was sooo thinly sliced and rubbery- the mashed potatoes were 100% from a box- and not a box of fresh potatoes that were peeled: boiled: and mashed. The "steamed veggies" were ice cold. Idk what is wrong with people of NY giving this shit 4-5 stars. The salads where make with iceberg lettuce and tomatoes. No salad made with that should cost over 10 dollars. 
Food: 4/5
Service: 4/5
Ambiance: 4/5
Overall: solid meal Id come back!

The extended review...

Food:

Fried plantains - always love me some plantains!  Then again I do have a sweet palette. 

Bitoque - being that I am a meat and potatoes guy this was an awesome choice for me. Who could say no to a steak with fried potatoes and a fried egg?!?!?!?  

Service: the service was great. The busboys always made sure that our water was filled.

Ambiance: a good spot in the middle of Midtown. Just be aware of that you might end up smelling like meat when you walked out.
I just came here with my girlfriend and fell in love! Besides the food: we fell in love with our server Evaldo. If you think youve had wonderful service before: you have not met Evaldo! He made us feel so welcomed and as if weve known him prior. He was so sweet! And even gave us a hug! He deserves so much for his effort!
Delicious food. Overall great dinning experience with friends. The only negative is the size of the PDQ bread is too small: but still tastes really food!
The sirloin steak was bland. The skirt steak was yummy. The sauteed vegetables were really bad. It tasted like the smell of natural gas. The asparagus same. I think the grill gas somehow imparts flavor on the veggies. But I dont think its dangerous to eat: just unpleasant. The service was meh.
I do not understand the high reviews.
Consistency is what Ipanema delivers. I was here four years and very recently for my friends birthday celebration. 

This place must have been renovated since its definitely much brighter. But the food has remained the same. Service can be a bit slow at times: especially if you order drinks. But my waiter was extremely friendly and accommodating. 

I ordered the Bitoque both times Ive been here and it tasted exactly the same. The Bitoque is a classic dish with steak topped with an overeasy egg and round fries on the side. Theres a generous portion of beer and garlic sauce for the dish. Unfortunately: my steak was a bit closer to medium than medium rare. I would probably order it rare next time. Also: the house hot sauce was extremely spicy and could bring you to tears if youre not used to the heat.

Overall: I enjoyed my experiences here and would come back to try the other dishes or just get the Bitoque again.
This was our first visit to Ipanema.  The server: Eualdo: was fabulous and explained all of the dishes to us.  All four of us raved about our meals.  The flavor of MARISCADA ALGARVIA was amazing: as was FEIJOADA COMPLETA: a Brazilian national dish.  And then there was dessert -- and none of them disappointed.

Will definitely return to Ipanema when I visit NYC again!
My friend and I first experience here was quite delightful. The atmosphere was pleasant and the waiter was attentive. The food was good: but my tastebuds didnt find it to be awe-inspiring. The meal was served with black beans and rice on the side for all our entrees. We ordered the Fried Calamari with Sweet Chili Manga Sauce: Bitoque: and Vatapa. 

The appetizer: the calamari with the sweet dipping sauce I found to be decent. I did enjoy my Bitoque: which is my Portuguese comfort food (hangover food). Nothing beats a hearty piece of steak with potatoes fries and a fried egg layered with a garlic sauce. However: I wasnt accustomed to the fancy cylinder-shaped fries: since I usually get my Bitoque with steak fries or regular fries. The Vatapa: which is a seafood stew with shrimp and monkfish drenched in a coconut milk based sauce with grounded nuts: to be disappointing. I found the fish and the shrimp to be overcooked and the sauce a too sweet for me. 

Overall I did enjoy this place: but I will try to find more of the savory dishes next time. I will gladly come back to try this establishment again.
I ate at Ipanema for the first time when my friends visited me from Atlanta. We all wanted to try something new and saw GREAT reviews for this restaurant! We had never had Brazilian/Portuguese cuisine: gave it a shot and we absolutely lovedddd it!

The food was DELICIOUS. We ordered a variety of dishes and shared.

We ordered the Picanha: Feijoada Completa: Camarao Empanado and the Churrasco Ipanema. The service was great and the ambiance was very reasonable for group dinners and even a date. I would recommend 10/10 and will definitely be going back. The reviews on here were all correct~
What a great restaurant! Even though my girlfriend and I came at a busy dinner time: we were treated very well and quickly. The staff were super friendly: attentive and informative. The food was incredible--must try their Bitoque! Also really loved the gluten-free cheese ball appetizers (forgot the name). Must finish off the night with the flan for dessert: and of course a few caipirinhas!

The atmosphere: location: service: and food were top-notch! Great price for big portions. I 100% will come again. Highly recommend!!
The food was very good. I got the O Pele. It was cooked just how I ordered and the side of fries was very good. The service was good as far as speed however I had one issue. I ordered my sandwich with no cheese because I cannot eat it without getting sick. Another employee brought over our food and my sandwich had cheese so I brought it up. He said it to my waiter and my waiter returned to the table with the sandwich telling me I didnt order it without cheese. We had a brief disagreement on it which ended with him saying "youre wrong you did not say that to me but I will have them make a new one even though you didnt". I dont understand why the argument was necessary if he was going to bring it back anyway. It seemed like he was just interested in being right. Several minutes later one of the orders for the table next to us which he took was also incorrect.

Foods great: service was ok aside from that experience that really rubbed me the wrong way.
OVERALL: Not bad for Brazilian / Portugese food. Pricier than regular places: but given the location and service: its still okay. 

ENVIRONMENT: Its pretty warm inside. It seems to be a popular location for hangout after work: so expect a certain level of noise. 

FOOD: Ordered a Vatap. Its a fairly creamy shrimp stew: served with rice and black beans. The stew is pretty hearty. The shrimp of the stew looks overcooked; the edges were burned. But otherwise: the fish and scallops in the stew were good. Portion was very generous; I was able to box about half of my food away for another meal. 

SERVICE: Attentive and helpful. Made a reservation 20 minutes before arrival and was seated within 5 minutes. The server understood it was our first time trying Brazilian food and gave us some suggestions.
Food was excellent. The salmon was cooked to perfect and gluten free! Great experience overall.
My first time having Brazilian food outside of Rio and it was a fantastic experience. The food was perfection: only eclipsed by the warm and hospitable service - Flavio is a great server! We loved our food so much: we came back for a 2nd day in a row. Highlights were the Caipirinhas: the beef empanadas: the croquettes: the steak: the pao de queijo and my Paelha (pictured). I promise: Impanema will not disappoint.
I was very lazy writing any reviews but this time I could not stop rewarding them 5-star review! The food is so delicious and of good volume. The Brazilian national drink Caipirinha reminds me of the days while I was traveling in Brazil years ago. The waiter is very very friendly. I felt warmly welcomed and the waiter gave me another caipirinha for free. I like this place and will definitely recommend this place!

Also: its quite close to the Times Square. A walk after dinner will be a perfect option.
Great little spot in midtown for Brazilian and Portuguese food. Weekday lunch during holiday season: plenty of people eating but we were still seated right away. The waiters were pleasant and gave recommendations. Looking around at everyones food everything looked delicious. 

I ordered the Bitoque: which was strip steak in a garlic beer sauce topped with a fried egg. Surrounding it was also fried potatoes: which were absolutely delicious: shaped like thick potato chips and not overly fried. The steak was supposed to be medium but it was a bit overcooked. However the garlic beer sauce was delicious it pretty much made up for that. Also at the table we ordered a Tuesday special shrimp dish: which the name escapes me but it was a sort of coconut curry sauce which was absolutely amazing. The Feijoada completa: which was essentially a black bean stew with various meats in it: was my least favorite of the table of food. Not much flavor: tasted just like the bowl of black beans they gave for the table. 

Overall a great experience with great food. Would love to come and try other things!
Very nice restaurant. Really liked their skirt steak and my wife liked her grilled salmon. Their caiperia was very nice too.
We had a fun and very quick visit to this restaurant last night.  We had theatre tickets for 8 and although our reservation was for 6:45: we did not make it to Ipanema until 7: but they were able to get us fed and off for thw theatre by 7:45.  (Complaints in some other reviews about indifferent service were not borne out).

A set of pastels (fried empanadas) and three main dishes were more than enough for the four of us.  I would rate the empanadas highly: as well as the imaginatively presented shrimp with coconut (see the photo below).  Delicious: and an imaginative use of the very creamy and delicious mashed potatoes-- the coconut was adorned with puffs of the stuff: as well as sitting on a bed of it  The grilled sea bass came to us unadorned with sauce but was very tasty.  Perhaps a mixed review of the mixed grill -- the sausage and pincanha were excellent: but the chicken and prok was a tad dry.
Had the I had the Churrasco Misto: after seeing so many positive review.  Overall: I will say the food was bland and flavorless.  My food when it arrived was cold and seemed like it had been sitting out for 15-20 minutes before it arrived to me.  

I had high hopes for this restaurant but it is not a 4 star restaurant.  Ive had better food at Dennys.
Food was good but service was bad. I had to ask for bread twice: had to ask to get water refills: and felt that my table was vastly ignored while I watched other tables get their bread and water refills without asking. The ambiance was clean & quiet. We made a reservation and were seated pretty quickly. For 4 people we ordered the pasteis (3 empanadas) appetizer: the churrasco misto (mixed grilled meat): vatapa (grilled monkfish and shrimp stew): and stroganoff de palmito (hearts of palm: mushroom: and onions in a sour cream sauce). The food helped make up for the poor service - the sauce was delicious!