This was my first time trying Korean BBQ and I fell in love. Every aspect of the food was truly amazing. My party of 5 arrived around 6:45 on a Wednesday night and only had to wait about 25/30 minutes. The music was a little loud and the restaurant was a tad hot but it all makes sense for what was going on and all the grills on. As I am not a good chef myself: I enjoyed that the employees actually cooked all the meat for you instead of having to do it yourself. I know this part upset a few people because they enjoy the idea of cooking it themselves. We ordered the large meat platter: which was plenty for my family. We also ordered sides of rice: which never came: but at the end I was glad I never received the rice because I would not have been able to walk out of there! 

Overall loved the food: but the ambiance was a little much for me.
Home for the holidays: a trip to Manhattan for all sorts of food is what one must do. As I was playing tour guide: naturally: my first go-to is Korean BBQ. In general the food is amazing but the experience is like none other. Jongro didnt disappoint. I do wish that they had explained the menu a little better because I would have chosen our meals a little differently but it still didnt take away from my experience. The entire meal:small plates that come with what you order: customer service overall was delicious: and with a smile - just how I like it! I am glad that we arrived on the earlier side (5pm) because the line gets long fast. The second floor and elevator situation is a little strange for some but in this area in particular: thats just how it goes. You are either going to technically a basement : the second or even third floors. Just consider it part of the "experience": the food is well worth the extra covert special. Enjoy~
This is by far my favorite place for Korean barbecue. Typically the way it is not too long but a reservation helps. Great food
This is a decent Korea Town food option. I had bookmarked this restaurant to try for quite some time so since we were in the area it was an easy choice.

We ordered from the lunch menu instead of tthe group platter menus with the meat since we didnt have a large appetite. We thought a platter would be good if and when we with a big group.

Mommy ordered the Beef Short rib combo with hot spicy tofu soup. But the soup was for me :-). The soup was really good: wholesome: and flavorful. I tasted some of the Beef short rib and really liked it. The beef was juicy: flavorful: not rubbery and the rice was nice: grainy: and hot ( warmth of the dish not spice).

I ordered the Chicken over white rice with scrambled eggs. The chicken was not the best as it was a breaded chicken breast that was a little dry. I am a fan of eggs so there was no issue with my scrambled eggs in the rice except the heat factor. Contrary to the beef short rib dish which came out piping hot: my chicken dish was not as hot through and through but the flavor was there so that helped.

I plan to give this place another try and indulge in the traditional BBQ experience.
Came here with a bunch of coworkers for lunch.  While the quality of the proteins were excellent: the prices were quite high and the portions were small.  Maybe theres a strategy to ordering for big groups that I didnt know about: but it felt like there was not much meat to eat for the price we each paid.

We ended up ordering a pork platter ($59.99): a marinated beef platter ($79.99): two orders of marinated kalbi ($37.99 each): and two orders of bulgogi ($31.99).  We had twelve people.  Without knowing the portion sizes: it was difficult to decide if this was enough food.  It really wasnt: and in retrospect: I should have ordered some side orders to fill the table.

Each table has two grills so they can cook the correct protein on the correct grill.  As with most nicer Korean BBQ places: the meat is cooked and portioned for you.  The best thing we had was the kalbi.  The quality of the beef was evident and the beefy flavor was fantastic.  The pork jowl from the pork platter was really good as well.

The bulgogi was served almost as a deconstructed japchae.  Instead of the whole big platter of thin sliced beef I had expected when I ordered the $32 platter: it was mostly onions: scallions: mushrooms: and glass noodles which all cooked down into not much at all.  The total amount of bulgogi was probably less than half of what youd get in an order of bulgogi at an AYCE place and probably a fourth of what youd get from other similar pay-per-plate places.

The side dishes on the table were minimal.  There were 2-3 small sides of kimchee.  2-3 small sides of pickled onions.  4 small sides of a macaroni salad.  Two small bowls of fresh onions.  And two small bowls of lettuce for wraps.

We did not receive any real banchan: while other tables seemed to have been served the traditional banchan items.  There didnt seem to be any of the nicer banchan items served (like a steamed egg pot or a fried fish).  We were not offered rice.

Service was quite good: but maybe the experience would have been different had I (being the only Asian in the group) arrived there first to get our table and order.  Instead: I was 30 minutes behind my non-Asian coworkers and so the staff probably didnt realize they were serving an "honorary Asian" group.  For this experience: however: it was not a very satisfying experience.  In the end: after tax and automatic 20% tip due to the party size: came to $360.  I think I ended up eating a total of around 6-7 small pieces of protein.

Im from Southern California and this same meal: with full banchan including the steamed egg: rice: tea: and much more meat would have come to around half of what we paid here.  I understand that this is midtown Manhattan: but its still a bit crazy how lopsided the price to serving ratio was.
Such a fun experience at Jongro! Never had real Korean bbq until I visited this restaurant with coworkers last week. Friday night is definitely a peak time for this place as we had to go across the street and grab a drink somewhere else while we waited - but well worth the 45 minutes. The whole place is set up with cool decor and every table has its own little cooking station grill thingy (I am very knowledgeable). We ordered a few meats for the table (shrimp: chicken: steak: pork) and got kimchi: lettuce wraps: sauces: etc. The staff was on their game and stopped by our table every couple minutes to check in on us. Super fun for a group!
Coming upstairs: I was expecting a small barbeque location but the interior was very roomy! I loved the wooden interior: and the tables all come equipped with vents which help with the smoke. I felt that the meat quality was quite nice: and its great that the restaurant is open late: making the area perfect for post-drinking. Definitely recommend!
There are some restaurants where you go and the food is excellent. There are other restaurants where you go and have an amazing experience. When you are lucky enough to combine the two: you end up with Jongro BBQ.

This place was highly recommended by the hotel where we were staying and Im so happy they pointed us in this direction. With the insane amount of options in Korea Town it was invaluable having the inside scoop.

The entrance to the restaurant feels like youre trespassing into someones building. The person behind the front desk quickly asked upon seeing us "Karaoke or BBQ?" The question took me by surprise: so I stammered "BBQ?" "Second floor" was her response with a stellar smile. Ive never seen someone so happy to be doing a job.

The elevator let us out on the second floor and we were immediately hit by a soundtrack that shifts from K-Pop to video game music to straight up Anime. If you get easily overstimulated: be prepared.

We were fortunate enough to beat the rush: snagging a table near the front. Our waiter.... ok: this guy was either a deadpan comedian on the side or truly dead inside in a hilarious way. His service was top notch and packed with dry wit. 

Now for the food. So much damned food. More food than we thought we could eat: though we valiantly tried. We went with the classic bulgogi and everything was delicious from the kimchi with the killer bite to the pickled onions and all the other sides. Seriously: it was an explosion of flavors.

We left utterly stuffed and deliriously happy. It was honestly one of my favorite dinners from our trip.
I think I found a new favorite Korean BBQ spot. I came here for dinner with my aunt and uncle while they were in town visiting. Reservations are only for big groups so we had to wait about half hour or so. I probably wouldnt come here on the weekend as the wait would be even longer.

As for the food: they specialize in grilled meats and have several combo options to choose from. We ordered a combo for two and added a noodle soup. The banchan came soon enough and service was quick and efficient. The food is very good and over all: prices are moderate. I think this will be my go to Korean BBQ spot from now on.
Amazing!!!!!!!! Fast service: amazing food. I went with three friends and the food there was amazing. We had strawberry soju: and it was actually my first time trying Korean dishes: let alone Korean BBQ. The waitress helped us with everything: and people passing by actually turned your meat for you when it was ready. The tteokbokki: the scallion pancakes: and the PORK were all amazing! It wasnt expensive at all: and the wait wasnt long. A must go to place!
Ive been here multiple times and each visit is fairly consistent. No reservations but you can put down your name and they will text you when your table is ready. If youre connected on Yelp: theres a countdown that will show the estimated wait and the number of parties ahead of you too.

THE MEAT - the selection is good and you can pick whatever platter size or cuts you please. Quality is great and on par with the rest of best KBBQ in Ktown. Portions may be a little smaller than other places but a large beef platter: seafood pancake: and drinks was just right for a group of 3. 

SERVICE - staff is super attentive to the meat: and check often if we wanted more banchan: lettuce wraps: or drink refills. We saw a staff change during the middle of dinner and nothing was forgotten or diminished in service.

ATMOSPHERE - its definitely loud in there. It might be a little quieter in the back but harder to get cell reception and no WiFi.
I think I discovered my new favorite k-town restaurant. I love the atmosphere of this place. Interior has the old school Korean restaurant vibe. Could get busy here so get here early but they have a small side kiosk that serves beers if you have to wait. 

I came here with my sister around 6 on a Saturday and had about a 30 minute wait. They text when ready which is convenient. 

When sat: we ordered a bunch of soju: the kimchi pancake and the pork platter. Everything was amazing. I will hands down say the kimchi pancake was one of the best I have ever had. Chewy: thick: crunchy: flavorful: hot. Just so so good.
 
As for the pork platter: it was plenty for two girls: including pork belly and pork jowl. It was all very tasty and service was quite attentive. 

Overall amazing! I will be 100% be going back again!
In K-town: tucked up on the 2nd floor is this GEM!  Love that they open late. A satisfying late meal this makes especially after a sports game or clubbing.

Inevitably: our table started with their delicious "Korean Pancake"; giving time for us in figuring out how many kinds MEATS we should order - HA!

Fabulously well marinated are their premium cuts of meat.  Love that the servers cook them for us over our tables grill.  Tender and juicy were their prime rib: skirt steak: brisket and pork belly.  Sadly: overcooked therefore tough/chewy was the kalbi! 

Still: a truly really fun and great time we all had.  Making Jongro my favorite Korean BBQ in NYC!

CHEERS!
Jongro is another solid KBBQ spot in Ktown. Its a bit cheaper than some of the competitors on the block while still retaining high food quality: and Jongro has a unique Korean influenced decor: which adds to the experience. The service is also excellent and efficient.

The highlight meats here were beef brisket and ribeye. The galbi was slightly tough and disappointing. The side dishes were also a pretty huge letdown: but I can forgive them since they provided us with plenty of lettuce and bean paste.

The egg soup: kimchi soup: and tofu soup were all good: and japchae also tasted delicious with plenty of vegetables in it. It does get popular here: so make sure you plan on waiting.
DONT THINK JUST GO HERE!!!! I can not get over how fantastic this place is. The quality of their meat is exceptional: not only that the servers know exactly how to cook it. Everyone here is so nice and so caring especially with questions or concerns. I truly can not find another Korean bbq place as good as this one. Dont be overwhelmed by the amount of Korean BBQs in Manhattan this is the ONE you must experience. Food: service: quality and overall experience was AMAZING. If I could give 10 stars I would. Thank you for an unforgettable meal!
Wow! This place is amazing!

Ive had my share of Korean bbq but this place tops the charts!

The seafood pancake: as good as any
The kalbi: great quality beef: came out tender and so flavorful
The bulgogi: they cooked their bulgogi in sauce which is different but it came out fantastic!

They brought us plenty of refills of the sides and they were really on top of their service. Excellent place!
I went to Jongro BBQ on a busy Thursday night. My wife and I had to wait ~40min: so I recommend that you make reservations. But the wait was WELL worth it. We the ordered the beef platter to share + spicy rice cakes. It was waaay too much food: but everything was delicious. My wife really enjoyed the spicy tofu soup that comes with the meat. Staff was incredibly attentive and well coordinated to ensure that our meats were cut and cooked to perfection. Out of all the cuts that come in the beef platter: the Ribeye was the best. Highly recommend it!
This place was UH-MAZING. Food was great + the team was quick to help: making sure everyone was well fed + taken care of. 

The prices are also very fair compared to all the Korean BBQ spots between K-town + Fort Lee. You wont be disappointed if you choose to come eat here.
One of the better spots for Korean bbq in KTown. Service is great even though the place gets packed. The seating arrangement is perfect for groups of 4 up to 8. If you come here after 6pm: expect a wait to get seated even on a weekday.

The platter options are perfect for groups and makes the meat picking process easy. Both the beef platter and the USDA marinated prime beef platter were great values for the price. Meat is cooked perfectly as you ask. The platters are a lot of food for 2 people: so try not to over-order since the banchan will help fill you up as well. This decision will also help you not squander all of your weekly food budget on this one restaurant. 

The seafood pancake is a must! Large chunks of octopus in a large serving of pancake served with a sweet sauce. Enough said. 

If you want to have a fun night: go for the flavored sojus: which sweetly sneak 12% of alcohol into your belly at each shot. If you want to have a traditional korean night however: go for my favorite korean drink: makgeolli . Makgeolli has a much lower abv: but as an off-white colored sparkling rice wine: won my heart instantly and never left a bbq table ever since. 

The servers are so nice that they dont try to kick you out even after you have paid your bill and are chatting with one another while theres a line of people crowding the doorway. I find that to be a rarity since most restaurants in New York are all about rapid turnover. 

One thing that needs work is their banchan: which was a bit boring and lacking. Jongro definitely has one of the worse banchans Ive had in most of the korean restaurants Ive been to. Food for thought.
Jongro is an excellent spot for Korean BBQ. Its on the second floor: reached only by an elevator from what feels like the lobby of an office building: but once you exit the elevator: youll find yourself in a fairly large space filled with bustling staff and meat everywhere. On a recent weekday night on the earlier side: there wasnt any wait at all: which was great.

The BBQ at Jongro isnt cheap: but you get what you pay for. The quality is quite good: and in addition to the quality of the meat itself: the restaurants service is exceptional. The staff is always around without hovering or being overbearing: cooking the meat with precision: cutting it for you: filling up dishes that are empty or soon to be empty: anticipating everything you need for your BBQ meal. It felt like top quality service where we didnt have to lift a finger to do anything and could just concentrate on the food: and it was more attentive than most Korean restaurants Ive been to. Despite the ever-present staff: we also never felt rushed at all: unlike some restaurants on the block where you feel like they want you to leave minutes after you sit down.

We got the marinated chicken: which was great because they added some charcoals on top of the gas grill to give it that distinctive taste: and the bulgogi: which unlike some places that just throw meat on the grill: came with onions: scallions: mushrooms: and glass noodles in a very complete dish. Both were absolutely delicious. On top of that: we also got a seafood pancake. Not my favorite seafood pancake in the area: but a fine accompaniment for all of our grilled meat.

The only drawback to Jongro is that they dont give you a ton of banchan. There was just kimchi: macaroni salad: and steamed egg with scallions: although I like that the egg cooks at your table. But youre not really at Jongro for the banchan; the meat is the star of the show here and they do a great job with it. We would definitely return.