These people are a bunch of con artists. Ordered three times and our order is always wrong. We ordered 10 naans from here: with katakat and biryani. Once we got there the naan packet looked a bit small for 10 naans so we decided to count it. We counted: and low and behold: 7 naans. Seriously i understand being a naan short: Ill even give you two: but three naans? Now youre just a thief. The owner started accusing his workers of stealing and how hell fire people. That show was enough for me to understand that he knew they were shorting people. I paid for extra Magaz in the katakat: there was none. The biryani was the worst Ive ever tasted: Ever. They were also selling expired mango juice: knowing most people wont check. Please please check your order and the expiration dates of your drinks. This was the second time theyve done this to me. They overcharged my husband and never even gave him our full order. We had items missing. Same thing when my sister in law went. They are at least a naan or two short every time. Just because someone is white you think you can take advantage of them? Which is how they felt. My friends have had the same experience with this place. Go to bundu khan if you want some good katakat. And they wont steal from you.
This grungy: fluorescent-lit takeaway shop is little more than a back kitchen with a display of curries at the front. There are two stools for eating in: but used plates and napkins arent cleared and kind of define the scene.

The curries look rich and squidgy (exactly how curries should look!) and I dont doubt that they do great catering. The two things we ordered were OK:

- Gola kebab is a Pakistani dish and Kababishs specialty: meat pulverized with spices into paste: formed into a sausage shape: and grilled. Im not sure what meat they used: but it is legit pureed: the texture is akin to pate. Youll even find a string in your kebab (dont be scared) since the whole thing disintegrates on the grill otherwise. Spiciness level was good: but theyre incredibly heavyhanded with the garam masala/coriander seed. There wasnt much grill flavor: either - the meat was more a blank vehicle for spice paste. It was almost a waste of meat + a grill.

- The garlic naan was also just all right: despite being freshly made with sliced garlic and cilantro and slathered with butter. The garlic turns sweet and gentle. But the naan itself was too doughy: with a texture more like Greek pita than the textural: bubbly glory that I want from fresh naan. The naan from nearby Delhi Heights beats this one: hands down.

Its not as cheap as it couldve been. One gola kebab (crammed into a 8oz container) was $6: garlic naan $2.50 - similar to prices at sit-down restaurants with choicer real estate.

Open 24 hours. Service was very friendly. During a downpour: a steady stream of locals came in to pick up dialed-in orders while we waited for our food. Not a single order included gola kebab or naan. Their regular kebabs are probably a better bet.
Horrible service. Disgusting environment. Denied serving food that was paid for in full two hours in advance (online: had I gone in person I wouldve never ordered from such an unsanitary establishment) nobody in the cook line washes their hands after coming from out or literally picking their nose. Only order from here if you enjoy getting sick and being grossed out.
5 stars for amazing chicken kebabs and chicken patties. 
Its a tiny hole in the wall but the quality of food is what I am loving here.
Kabbish is a small Jackson Heights gem. Their kebabs and breads are particularly good. Kabbish is great for takeout and catering. There is a small counter with several stools for eating in. The staff is friendly; the food is consistently flavorful & good: and the prices are fair. Indeed: a Jackson Heights gem!
Kababish was really tasty. Lots of flavor and so much spice in their Gola Kabob it cleared my sinuses.

A few things Ill share:

- Its just a take out counter with 2 bar stools on the side so take-out is really the only option

- Be assertive when you order. Theyre busy and It doesnt seem like they will engage with you first.

- The Biryani dishes have bones/muscles/pits in them. Not complaining: just letting everyone know: you will have to pick out bones and such from your platter as you eat it. Just so theres no surprises: figured that was something people might care about.

Overall: I liked it. My expectations were very high though after seeing this place on TV so it didnt quite reach there. You get a good amount of food here: I got at least 2 meals out the Chicken Biryani and Gola Kabob.
Authentic Karachi Style Cuisine - The place might not look the most inviting but the food is out of this world. Its a bit on the spicy side but I know people travel from far away for the special Beef Gola Kabab and other delicacies like Nihari and Paya. You might have to wait a while to get your food and the space is very limited but the food is definitely worth it.
Gola kabab was outstanding!! Garlic naan and chicken tikka better than others. Definitely very spicy: kids couldnt handle it otherwise would have been a 5++. Fresh and worth the lack of parking.
Wow. What a place we found on our visit to NYC! After five days of amazing food in Manhattan: we craved authentic Pakistani food. When we got to Kababish: we found out it is take-out only. The locals waiting for their to-gos said this place was amazing. We got gola kabab: behari: seekh: and nihari with garlic naan and parathas. This was hands down the best Pakistani grill we have had in the States. It was like sitting at a highly rated kabab house (aka Ghaffars) in Karachi! Thank you: Kababish: for an awesome experience. We will be back.
This is my favorite kebab place in NYC. Whenever my friends visits from other state I always bring them here. Always the best: counter staffs are friendly and helpful.
Every time you visit this place surprise you with different dishes. 
Has lot of variety: love the roti: one of the very best place to try the goat meat. 
Gola kabob is the special part: please dont miss it. 
Close to the subway: open until 4am: only disadvantage is only 3seats at this place. 
Highly recommend for folks who love meat and kebab.
Their chai is so yummy. Everytime I am in Jackson heights I will have their tea. I also love their beef kebab rolls! I always ask for extra white sauce and drench my naan with it. Their beef kebabs are spicy and hit the spot. If you ever order their beef kebabs there is atleast a 30 min wait everytime! I have ate over a dozen times here and I dont think I ever got the beef kebab without waiting forever. That is the only negative part but well worth it! If you do not want to wait their chicken kebabs are also really good but there is something about their beef rolls. I also love their pakoras just wish they were warm and fresh all the time.
Its similar to kebab: but not quite. In that sense: its Kabab-ish. Kabab-esque. Kabab-lite: maybe? Or pretty heavy as it turns out.

For my second Queens food review: its one of my worst food experiences in Queens. I have to say though: that I did all my least faves and mediocres in Brooklyn and Manhattan and it took ages... there were 40 or 50 in each borough. In Queens... there were *six* bad ones. Thats it. And thats out of a total of more places Ive tried in Queens than Ive ever tried in Bklyn or Womanhattan. Wow. Queens is freaking awesome dude. And none of my Queens places get 1 star: either.

So Kababish... I got the Gola Kebab that everyone recommended: and not only did it miss the gola: the ball went out of the stadium. It tasted like some sort of sludgy nastiness. I couldnt eat it. It was tied up with string: so I un-did the string and tried to eat it and wanted to puke. Maybe its just not my thing. Id give it a 3 because its a family business: but it took a good 30 mins to wait for this kebab when they said 10 or 15: which meant I had to skip a bunch of other places I wanted to try. But everyone should try it and see if you hate it as much as I did.

Ahh never mind. I dont have the heart to give them less than a 3. They were too nice. Be warned: though. You may hate this beloved mooted Gola.
I dont know what the fuss is about. Biryani was pretty average: kebabs were also not that great. There are much better options around the place. I had a lot of expectations from this place. I would rate this as average at best: was expecting a lot more.
I wouldnt try and eat much there.  The employees are very rude and cat call.  
The food is lacking taste
There store is very small. It 1/2 the size of my room
Not only that. The equipment are dirty and u can see the black on the fire house thingy 
They do NOT WEAR GLOVES. and then they touch money.
Never order from them for delivery. They steal your money and never send the food. This has happened to me twice with them and when I call the manager to complain he simply says "Ill owe you next time". They take 1-2 hours to deliver.
This was my 4th or 5th attempt at trying to enjoy South Asian cuisine and based on the other Yelp reviews I saw: this looked like a good place to try.

When I got there there was a bit of a line and like some of the other Yelpers had mentioned: it was crowded: service was slow...and rude. I was the only woman there: and in the eternity it took to place my order and get my food:  local men regularly pushed past me and went to the counter to order. When I finally got to the counter: the guys behind the counter blatantly ignored me and took orders from some of the men behind me instead. I was really annoyed at this and should have just left (especially when I saw how DIRTY that floor was) but since I had waited so long to order I decided to just tough it out.

When I finally placed my order: a garlic naan and a beef kebab: it then again took forever to get my food. They did seem really busy and a lot of guys were coming to pick up food they had ordered by phone and if it wasnt for the rudeness mentioned before I wouldnt have minded as much.

Anyway: the naan was very bland and underwhelming. Even with all those chopped pieces of garlic I saw on it: it did not have much of a taste. As for the beef kebab: well I couldnt eat it. Like I mentioned above: Ive tried to eat and like South Asian cuisine before but I just cant. Its a matter of personal taste I guess but that heavy masala taste most of the food has is just too much for me. And they were definitely heavy handed with the masala in that kebab. So I cannot say if the kebab was good or bad for someone who would actually like the taste.

If the naan was good: I might have gone back just for naan. But since it wasnt: the service was awful and seeing how dirty the place was: one time at Kabbish was more than enough for me.
The staff is friendly and the food is alright. however they are very pricey for such small portions. Overall not worth what I paid
Food here is awesome. Stopped in on my food adventure and ordered the chicken kebabs: beef kebabs: vegetable samosas: chicken samsosas: and a garlic naan. Unfortunately: they were out of lamb kebabs. 

The beef and chicken kebabs were hot: fresh: and spicy. Spicy enough for me to call it spicy means its probably too spicy for many people: but I greatly enjoyed it. They were cooked as I ordered: I could see the guy putting the seasoned meat mixture on the skewer then throwing it on the grill. 

The samosas were premade and reheated: but they were good. As usual: I still like the potato stuffed vegetable samosas more than the chicken one. I think the samosas at Rajbhog in Jersey City are still better though.

The garlic naan was made fresh to order. Mine went straight from the tandoor: to foil: to my mouth. It was excellent.

Knocking a star off for service. For such a small spot: (standing room for less than 10) they need quicker service. People need to get in and out. I was ignored for a few minutes when the rest of the line had ordered (I like to think its because Im big and intimidating). Maybe keep some meat grilling and some naan baking since it seems like what everyone orders.
I never write reviews but this place deserves it.  I had the chicken kabad and chicken samosas and the goat curry with rice and it was phenomenal.  This is the best indian/pakistani place in all of NYC by far.  But the reason i am writing this review is because i was eating my meal on the bus bench outside as there was no room to sit down and eat in the restaurant and the gentleman in the store offered me to have a seat in the back of the restaurant as he saw me freezing on the bench outside.  That reason alone is why you should come to this fine eating establishment.
The prices here have increased but theyre still totally on point. I always get the chicken tikka. The chicken is firm and boneless yet still juicy. Ive had there signature kebab: it too is delicious but beware of the spice. The owners are friendly and they accept credit card with a minimum. Theres no seating here so get carry out. Yum!