This is worst and disgusting food I ever had: no taste and quality::better to shut it ...
Food was good and delivery time great! Far better than expected. The part which spoiled it all was how they handled my call. Really need to work on customer service and be patient with regards to questions based on menu items and with first-time callers.
Terrible place. We ordered for delivery through Eat24 and after over an hours wait (app estimated 45-60 minutes wait): I called the restaurant and they didnt even get my order. The guy on the phone wasnt helpful and was borderline rude. I canceled the order and crossed this place off my list.
Great: earnest people.  Awful food.  It is all swimming in fat and spice: masking poor ingredients.  The Kashmiri chai looked was a lurid pink and fatty.  The mango lassi was like watered down Dannon yoghurt.  The tables were sort of clean. But the worst was the bathroom.  It was a slick swamp.  A poor place for men. An awful place for women.  Seriously: the health department should be called.  This is a NO GO: with no second chances.
i love this spot ! 

it has the best butter chicken and roti !
 
the best spinach and potatoes!
 
the best custard i have ever had!
They have the best South Asian sweets in the US: a fan of their Jilebis: also gulab jamun. Their Jilebis remain crunchy for weeks and even a month. Wish they would ship food out of state. Non-sweet food is good too.

Good for takeout and delivery: but the ambience inside is not so recommendable for dining in.
Great food and great service. The place is clean and the waitress was really nice. Also: their Kashmiri tea is awesome. Would definitely come back. And their prices are incredibly reasonable
Food was 5 stars ! Service was a zero but the waitress was nice . I may come back but at least have decent customer service .
Hands down the best food in NYC! Absolutely delicious: fresh food. Have tried several things on their menu and never been disappointed! Their haleem: paya: goat curry: daal: palao and biryani and all 5 star! So are their bbq items!! Excellent: friendly service and staff..which is a plus for any desi restaurant!
Food was good. Service is horrible. If youre Afghan: Iranian: Turkish or (anything not brown) then stay away or else youll be judged by this rude culture...
Ive eaten here several times: and have really enjoyed all of my meals--the food of fresh and well spiced Pakistani out shines the other eateries in the area: service is pleasant. My favourite is their Beef Nihari: the Paya is also good!
I love this place. My husband and I order from here all the time. The food is flavorful and the staff is usually pretty friendly over the phone. Weve tried several things from the menu and all have been so good. Prices are decent and you can pay with card when you order so thats always a plus for me. Delivery usually takes about 45 mins to an hour and Im about a mile from here. Have yet to go in person to check out the sweets options but I ordered one traditional Indian sweet once and honestly dont remember what it was but it was also tasty. Only downside is occasionally one delivery guy calls when he arrives and makes me come downstairs to pick up my delivery order outside.
You must try their special creamy chai! They have it ready and heating: which makes the pinkish tea with cream and slivered almonds just a delicious: creamy frothy masterpiece. I broke my fast with this a few days ago and its transformed tea for me! I didnt add any sugar and it was just as sweet but do take the extra slivered nuts on top. The last time I had what we call Qaymaq Chai (cream tea) was when my friend came back from Afghanistan and she made it for me in my kitchen. It was divine! The pink  color comes from the strong green tea and then cream. There are no color additives FYI. Yum!
Chicken kebab and naan is hands down the best Ive had in New York City: not just Brooklyn. They must have gone through a recent management change cause the food is a lot better and the setup is really trendy and new.
Hands down best desi food around!!! Even tho the restaurant is fairly new: they took their entire staff from Bukhari Restraunt (+30 yrs: just closed) including the chefs i.e: the food is on point. The prices are very reasonable: and the owner Naseer was very friendly: professional: courteous and overall just a nice guy. I usually get the following: beef nihari: lamb: biryani: sikh kabab: kashmiri chai: roghni (sesame seeds) naan: and sweets. Food is always fresh: cheap and tastes great!