Cheap and tasty indian food. Lamb Biryani with that spinach thing. SO GOOD! My apologies for typing like a barbarian.

Theres not much space: just a couple of seats. Well: its not a restaurant really. You wont get that experience. Its more of a cheap on-the-go option: but quite nice. Its preferable to halal food in that you could actually sit down and eat inside. And they give you tap water. 

Cashier was friendly as well
Diamond in the rough...

In this part of town: you definitely wouldnt expect to find a place like this: but that is what is wonderful about NYC: it is full of surprises. 

I was famished. I was busy all day and didnt get much to eat for lunch: so when I walked down Jersey St and then ran right into this store: I thanked my lucky stars!

This place is really small and in a tight space. I walk in and there are about 5 Indian men siting around. They are all having a cup of coffee/chai and chatting away with much excitement. I couldnt understand what they were saying: but it is nice to just see people having a good time in the afternoon. 

The guy at the counter was very nice and funny. I asked for a veggie samosa and I asked how much it was. He said $100: but for you (pretty lady): Ill give it to you for $1. Too funny. I told him I didnt eat meat: and then he said the samosa has a little small piece of meat. I almost freaked out and then he started to laugh. He says: "hey a veggie samosa is a veggie samosa. No meat." I asked if they had any other veggie options and he pointed to a few dishes in the case. Some lentils: spinach: potatoes and cauliflower dishes. The typical Indian/Pakistani fare. 

The veggie samosa was flavorful and a bit spicy and it really took care of my hunger! Thanks for making my Saturday afternoon fun and full of surprise!
This review is for their famous CHAI only! It is such a heaven in a cup: soul-satisfying as-good-as-it-can-get cuppa tea! I actually found myself getting lost in a transition while downing the best desi chai I have had in a long long time and mind you I take pride in being a true tea connoisseur: Im the type who are so particular about tea that I can tell if its good or bad just by looking at the color of the tea! BEST TEA EVER! Dont miss it!!!
Samosas and chicken patties are tasty: although pretty greasy. Their chai tea or "Special Tea" is not what its hyped up to be. Can get better (and cheaper) milk teas from chinatown.

Have yet to try their chicken: lamb: goat: rice etc... but not so sure that I would. The place is really dingy: and they microwave your food.
GET THE SPECIAL CHAI: its so good and taste just like the one in india. usually the guy makes it fresh for you. Also other popular items at this dhaba is the biryani lamb. If you come during lunch time theres probably a wait usually the taxi drivers come here for cheap and authentic desi food. 

Location: its very central: but this is a hole in the wall spot: theres no place to sit and dine and all the merchandize is everywhere. 

They do have a bathroom which is a plus. 

anyways come get the chai!!
Hands down: the best chai (indian tea) I have had in US! And I have lived in a few cities here! 
The samosas are fantastic too: at least for the $1 price anyway! I love their chicken sandwich: its only $4 and works as a meal for me: and a delicious one at that too.
I dont have the actual meals too often: as the portions are gigantic and they dont look very fresh: but they are definitely more than worth their price. Its a hole in the wall place with hardly a place to stand: so dont go there looking to sit down or even like the ambiance: but like I said the prices make up for all of that. And: they are open 24 hrs! Another plus: the staff has always been very nice.
Ive been here twice now after craving a good samosa and both times its been pretty meh. Points for quick service: but its fairly obvious by taste and appearance that most of the food has been sitting out for hours. Its a cheap: adequate stop if youre craving some Indian food and happen to be in the area.
I have been going to this place for years.  The food is delicious and the price is right!  I usually let them pick for me but the chicken biryani is exceptionally good.  

This is is a To Go spot: so grab a lunch and take it to the park or back to the office.  The food is generally microwaved but thats typical in these Pakistani takeout places. Its definitely fresh and delicious.  It is a really great place to have fantastic food in such a pricey neighborhood. 

PRO TIP:  If the weather is bad: and you want a place to enjoy the Whole Foods has a cafe a few blocks east on Houston and you can grab a beverage (from there) and enjoy.  If that doesnt work there is also a Wendys right near Broadway where you can do the same without the view.
4* for the samosa - it is spicy and flavorful
3* for lamb curry and rice. Dont get the chicken kabeb burger - patty made from ground meat so texture is not great.
Takeout only!  Grateful this place is here amongst all the overpriced eateries of SoHo!

Although I wish they had a slightly bigger selection of food the day I was here: I LOVED the vegetable entree they offered (and if youre on a carb-free diet: they will just pack your container with all veggies WITHOUT THE RICE).

Seriously: dont you hate places that try to give you mostly rice?

I had tasty eggplant: chickpeas and lentils... all the good stuff.  Spicy: but not too much.

Yeah: Im not crazy about microwaved food... so thats the only reason I docked a star.  (Although the only thing they microwaved for me was my veggie samosa.)  Im sure they would avoid the microwave if you ask them.
This is round the corner from my office: so Im tempted to go there often because its cheap: but the food just isnt good.

I understand that its not a sit down place: and is more a dhaba and I dont even mind that they microwave the food: but last time I was there I got the dal: gobi and a roti ($5 for everything) and they didnt even microwave it enough and it was semi-cold. Seriously: how lazy can you be? How can you screw up microwaving your food?

Unbelievable.

Plus most of the time theyre out of either the green chutney or the raita. Really?

I guess Ill stick to overpriced fusion dosas at Hampton Chutney. At least its reliably good...
Im such a dork: but after reading all the reviews: I got really excited and wanted to order a lot of things. Went over to Soho- it was really cold and windy. My order went something like this:

Hi: can I get the lamb biryani and one samosa?
Ok.
(remembers a yelp review)- Oh: I forgot: can I get the chai: too?
Ok.
(remembers a yelp review)- Can I add chickpeas to the biryani?
Ok.
(remembers a yelp review)- Ah! Sorry! Can I also get a side of yogurt sauce?
Ok. Your total is (something less than $10).
Thank you! (Added some money to the tip jar for my stupidity.)

Result:
Shopping with a bag of rice and curry and Chai that spilled all over my coat. 

Lessons learned:
They have great plastic ware... no spills!
Drink the Chai before walking around because its hot and unforgiving.
Yes: good food can really come from behind a glass display.

The samosa was so herb-y (herbal sounds weird) and delicious. Big and fluffy and filling. Flaky: thin crust. Definitely the best samosa Ive ever had.
The lamb was tender. Fall-off-the-bone tender like what everyone else was saying. The yogurt sauce was really good with it- its thin so it blends really well with the rice.
My coworker told me to try this place. Today is my last day in my office and I did not want to miss the chance. The guy at the counter was so nice when I asked him what I should try. He recommended Lamb Biryani with Chickpea and I am in front of my computer and the food. It is very delicious(it is spicy so dont try if you are not spicy food person) and I had to write this review to spread out this quality food and to say thank you to the guy at the shop. I highly recommend.
Good for a quick and cheap desi food. Another hole in the wall Pakistani place. Not for hygien or presentation snob people. Temporarily shut down your visionary senses and please your tasting senses.

Verdict - If in SoHo: BWay/Houston and in mood for quick and cheap desi food or samosa with chai: hit this place
Totally authentic and delicious food. No fuss kind of establishment. I had the chicken biriyani with chick peas on top - spicy! This is a small hole in the wall place. Its easy to miss: but you definitely want to check it out. Im eager to go back when they have chicken tikka and I also want to try the samosa.
You know whats cool about New York?  Just a block or few from here are some of the most expensive loft homes in the world: fantastic art galleries: top shops like Prada and food vendors such as Dean & Deluca: where it costs $12 just to look at an apple.

But you can walk into Lahore Deli: order a big plastic bowl of goat stew for $5: and sit out by the sidewalk: nibbling bones and watching the city walk by.
Why give a hole-in-the-wall five stars? A closet you have to step over the rats of Crosby Street to get into (NYs finest): past a sign with some of the most innovative speeling youve seen in recent memory: into a cabin filled with cabbies: slightly misogynistic: jostling men all yelling as they belly up to the practically non-existent counter in a place with two stools? Heres why:

All of the above.

Across the street from a gas station: this is where the cabbies of Pakistan KNOW to GO for a taste of HOME. Lahore cooking on an epically flavorful level. I find myself there once every week or so: usually after hanging out with friends in the more upmarket places where a picture of a plate of french fries is eight bucks. Nothing like tucking into a subway seat at 1AM with a plate of comfort food: and this place is the grand poobah of comfort food for me.

Lahore aint easy: and if you dont like cardamom: eggplant: okra: or any of the first graph mentions: give this place a pass. If youre up for the adventure: start with the samosa (a great deal at a dollar each!) and work your way through everything. The eggplant is my favorite - two bites and the spices have you sweating! Theres some mild stuff: too - chicken patties: paneer -- and the staff are polite in answering your questions: provided you dont take too long (after all: their steady clientele are behind you: getting ready to go to work). 

Trust me - this place is site specific and splendidly unique. The food is honest and beautiful. If its up your alley: take it on: and youll be thrilled. 

New York has few surprises like this.
What do you do when youre half past tipsy: starving and have $3 cash burning a hole in your pocket?? If youre in soho you head to Lahore and grab 2 samosas. If its late dont get your hopes up that youll get everything you want but you can count on them having delicious hot samosas bursting with flavor and little kick.
Had the chicken curry and rice.  Excellent!!  No extra oil: light: well spiced and HUGE portions for $5.  Im Indian and grew up on traditional Indian food.  This place really hits the spot for a dhaba craving

PS: dont let the hole in the wall: dhaba style sketchiness of the place deter you.
I dont understand how Lahore Deli got a 4-star overall rating. It must be a very skewed grading curve where you expect the food to contain wood chips or rat feces but youre pleasantly surprised that it doesnt... 

Before I walked into the place (easy to miss even when youre looking for  it): I checked out the menu outside to decide what I want: as the space inside is very cramped. I chose a simple chicken gyro: but when I went to the counter to order I was told they currently only have chicken curry. This was Sunday afternoon around 3pm. Well: I figured that sounds fine too and its hard to really go wrong with chicken curry: and based on all the great Yelp reviews I thought it would be delicious. 

After I ordered: the counter-person begins to prepare my food: which was basically scooping up rice: chicken (more bone than chicken): curry and placing all of that into the microwave. Really? Even the halal cart right outside grills it while I wait. So disappointing. Ive tried that halal cart too: it is delicious.

Well: are there any redeeming factors? Hard to argue for any. The portion was large but the flavor was bland: and I had very large chunks of bone with very little meat.