Amazing food! Randomly picked this spot: after a mesuseum trip:Had the bife Samba: cooked perfectly and delicious. Id definitely come back.
You have to eat here.

Start off with the Camaro Grelhado (buttered/lemon shrimp) and Salgadinhos (like little empanada  and croquettes). I asked for beef and chicken Salgadinhos only: but the waitress said they normally give you a variety of beef: pork: shrimp: and chicken.

I ordered the Picanha na Chapa (steak with rice and beans): but I have to say the real stand-outs were the entrees my friends ordered.

My boyfriend ordered the Strogonoff de Carne: which is basically beef stroganoff with rice instead of noodles and a creamy tomato sauce instead of a traditional stroganoff sauce. 

My friend ordered the Moqueca: which is a seafood/coconut milk dish with rice. 

Both were amazing: and I will 100% be back.

Service was great as well.

My only disappointment was that they didnt have a cocktail menu: but honestly the food was superb.
All the dishes we got were wonderful. The taste is very special. It was my cousins birthday and we got complimentary flan and a birthday song in Portuguese! It was a lovely dinner.
Really terrific restaurant in midtown Manhattan on 9th Ave. Wonderful service: reasonable prices. I had a NY Strip steak with sauteed onions and garlic and it was perfect. My friend had a seafood dish: served over rice and said it was fantastic as well. Very much enjoyed it and would go back in a heartbeat.
We dropped by without a reservation and Samba Kitchen was able to seat us at the bar: which worked great because the bartender was super nice. The Caprinhas are tasty and our food was great. The steak is the way to go.
First time trying Brazilian food although I have tried Cuban : Puerto Rican and Dominican cuisine . I am very pleased with the taste of Brazilian food especially the top sirloin steak and also the appetizer we had was a whole bunch of croquettes and its was delicious . In addition: the cheese bread is so good that I needed to ask for seconds . If your a type of person who likes to explore your food palette I must ask you to give this place a try and you wont be disappointed.
Been here 3xs since late spring 2018.  Not quite sure how "authentic" their Brazilian is as some main staples are left off of the menu--but everything Ive ordered to-date (various dishes) has been EXCELLENT! You wont find a better CAIPIRINHA in Rio: Salvador or Sao Paulo!  

Ive dined her midweek for lunch and dinner and once for Sunday brunch which was disappointing though due to the shortened Sunday menu.  For lunch or dinner though its still a somewhat limited menu but those dishes are craftfully prepared and all excellent.  Very friendly staff (which was particularly slow the one time I had brunch).

GO FOR THE CAIPIRINHAS... stay for the food!
I would rate this place a 3.5 overall.  Ordered the shrimp appetizer as well as the fried potatoes (they are now two separate items as opposed to one: so its now $6 more expensive than 5 mos ago).  Both were just okay (the potatoes needed salt).  I then had the strip steak with egg: potatoes and rice.  The steak was tasty and well seasoned.  Overall: I think the food was alright - not bad by any stretch.  The prices were a little higher than I would have guessed.  The reason Im not giving this 4 stars is that I probably wouldnt come back here (which is my criteria for 4 or 5 stars).  There are so many other good spots serving a variety of Latin American cuisine that theres just no "hook" to bring me back here.
Excellent! Super friendly staff. Welcoming atmosphere. A little on the loud side: but good for a date night. Get the steak plate "for 2" and get it medium-rare. It comes out sizzling and delicious!!!! 

Definitely recommend this spot!!!
Went here with a couple of friends after seeing a show at a theater nearby. We were pretty hungry: so we decided to split a few things:

Cheese bread (3 stars): This was decent: but nothing to write home about--but was complimentary for the table.

Salgadinhos (4 stars): We didnt realize it: but this was actually 5 different types of croquettes: which were all pretty tasty.

Linguica e mandioca (3.5 stars): The sausage was alright--good flavor: but pretty standard. The yucca fries were good: but again not mind-blowing. We did enjoy the dipping sauces though.

Picanha na Chapa (4 stars): The meat in this dish was flavorful and cooked well--good size portion.

Bife a portuguesa (4.5 stars): This was probably my favorite dish of the night as the meat was cooked well and the sauce that it was served with was delicious.

Feijoada (3.5 stars): This dish was definitely a lot heavier than the other dishes and was pretty smoky. You have to like black beans as it is basically a black bean soup with chunks of meat--the meat is super tender and flavorful: but the heaviness of the dish was a bit overwhelming.

Overall: this place serves up some decent food at prices that arent too crazy for the neighborhood--especially with the large portion sizes. Our waitress was super friendly and the vibe of the place was really enjoyable. Definitely a great Brazilian oasis in HK.
Everybody needs a spot to impress out-of-town family and friends or to serve as a go-to food recommendation to make you look insightful and knowledgeable. To me: Samba is that place. Since moving to Hells Kitchen about 6 months ago Ive been to Samba at least 5 times: all with different people. My parents: my grandparents: my friends: my girlfriend. The reaction has been "wow" from all of them. My father said the Feijoada (a sort of Brazilian black bean stew with various smoked and cured meats thrown in - think Cassoulet): was quote: "one of the best things I have ever tasted." The shrimp has also been a hit: everyone said something to the degree of "oh my God: this is the best shrimp Ive ever had." I dont even particularly LIKE shrimp: but Sambas is friggin delicious. I have no idea how they do it: but its sweet: succulent: just a little bit spicy and has a hint of smokiness. 

Pretty much everything else Ive had was great too. The steaks are excellent (as they should be at a Brazilian place): the Moqecal was really yummy (think seafood stew): the clams were bright and fresh. Impressively: I dont think the restaurant has ever put something in front of me that I did not have an audible reaction to. Everything down to the damn cheese bread and French Fries. And hey: the service is great and Caipirinhas are killer too.

So yeah: that 4.5 stars on Yelp! that probably led you to check this page out? Its not fake. Come to think of it: that may be the most impressive feat Samba has accomplished: Yelp is an overtly negative place: yet here stands this little gem which thumbs its nose at restaurants 3-4 times more expensive than it with its 4.5 stars. Everyone likes this place for a reason: and Im certain you will too.
Bertha (the owner) and her team have created a little slice of Brazil in Hells Kitchen. We sat at the bar on Sunday enjoying Fernandos fabulous Sangria. The music was great: just made you want to get right up and Samba the afternoon away. The food was really fresh: tasty: and inventive. As a vegetarian it was refreshing to find so many options: even the traditional Brazilian stew made without any meat. Prices are very reasonable: what a good value: like a vacation to Brazil for the price of a brunch.
I spent a few years working in Brazil and must say that the food and service made you feel like you were in So Paulo. We had the Salgadinhos to start: and for dinner the Feijoada and Moqueca: which were all excellent.  Just be careful when ordering because its a lot of food.
You will really like the presentation of the food. You know what they say: the eye eats first (at least we say that in Arabic). Overall: really enjoyed our food experience here.. and the waiter gave us a wonderful service.
A great spot for food & drinks... we must get back for happy hour. 

The bread was a good start: then we ordered the octopus salad: and kale salad for apps. The octopus was super tender - but maybe a little too soft for our liking. The kale was very simple - a pile of kale with some mangoes and tomatoes. We ended up mixing the two together... the juices from the octo salad with the crunchiness of the kale made for a REALLY good start to the meal.

We had the salmon (huge piece) with broccoli and peas: and the Moqueca- a slow cooked tilapia in a red coconut broth. The salmon was very good: and te Moqueca was amazing. We also tried the Vatapa: which was very similar to the Moqueca but in a white coconut broth. It was also excellent. 

We also tried every Caipirinha on the menu. Once we had two different ones and there were only two more: we had to give them a shot. I am partial to the traditional: and she was more interested in the passion fruit. The strawberry was very strawberry: and the coconut was like dessert. 

This is a very good place: reasonably priced: and we can only imagine the happy hour is a huge hit. We will be back!
Today was my first time here and I can only say it was the best food ever!!! So tastefull...The place is super nice and the staff was so nice!! Keep up with the good work guys
Excellent waiters and so friendly!! We came here for some drinks to watch the Germany - Sweden game!
Warm & Friendly Hells Kitchen bar/restaurant. The small dishes / appetizers are all so uniquely Brazilian. Delicious with my caipirinhas. I always find the waitstaff and bartenders here very gracious. Its a great after work place to chat with co-workers. I plan to come back for a full dinner soon: and always have it as a place to go with friends. Its very unpretentious: just all around good atmosphere for casual dinner.
The service was on point.  The drinks were great.  The food was mediocre.  We ordered the picanha meal for 2 and the meat was not tender as I liked it to be.  The sides were okay.  Maybe I didnt order the right items: but the food we had was nothing special.
I am delighted with this place. My friends and I are always here for dinner. Thank you for the delicious food.