We had the zucchini appetizer: chicken vindaloo: and chicken tikka masala. The zucchini and chicken vindaloo were very good. The vindaloo had great flavor and good spice. The tikka masala lacked flavor. It was extremely bland.
Im no Indian food expert but food at MasalaWala was incredible. Everything down to the food and the service. 

We ordered the Lamb Briyani which was hands down the best Briyani Ive ever eaten in my life. Packed full of flavor and spices and tender lamb meat. 

The mix grill was really good too. Sea bass was moist on the inside and nice and crispy on the outside. The lamb was the best thing on the plate. It was incredibly tender. All the flavors on the meat were good. 

The chicken with chili and tamarind was good. Sweeter than what I expected but good. 

The service was awesome. Ive never been to a more friendly and hospitable Indian restaurant. Its a place youll want to keep visiting and visiting again. 

You cant beat great prices: great food and great service. The holy trinity of what a 5 Star review should be all about.
This is basic: what-you-expect Indian food and thats a great thing. The owner is a lot of fun and his personality helps make the experience more positive. All the food was exactly what we were hoping for. Solid: tasty Indian dishes like Rogan Josh: Chicken Tikka Masala: nan bread and more. Its now on the top of my list for when we want excellent Indian food in a fun atmosphere.
This is great Indian food. I dont really think you can go wrong at this restaurant. Maybe the only wrong move you can make is eating here before a night of drink and dancing? Clear your schedule if you choose to spend your final meal of the day at MasalaWala because you wont want to do much other than sit on your butt in front of the tv after.
I got the Chicken korma and lamb biryani. The korma was cream and sweet and my favorite dish. The biryani was spicy and also tasty but make sure to get mild if you cant handle spicy! Best Indian food Ive had in Manhattan though :)
Overall quality of the food was good: though less sweet than your usual Indian fare. We had:

Palak Paneer - this was pretty tasty: probably my favorite dish from here.

Butter Naan - so fresh: I love it!

Masala Chai - my first time trying this tea: but since there were such rave reviews on Yelp: I had to try it. Its probably good: but not to my taste.

Pani Puri - my 2nd time trying this dish: again it was less sweet than the first time.

Hakka Chili Fish - pretty spicy: especially if you eat the pepper with it.

Vegetable Samosas - good: but prefer it a little spicier.

Saffron Chicken - to me: it didnt taste quite like Indian food: it was more like American or French lemon chicken.

Chicken Biryani - it didnt really stand out to me.

Chicken Tikka Masala - I would have liked it sweeter.

Mango Lassi - Ive had so many mango lassis: theyre starting to blur together: but it seemed pretty good.
Amazing Chicken Tikka Masala.  It was creamy with lots of depth and nuance to the flavors.  One of the best Chicken Tikka Masala outside of the UK. Lots of indian restaurants have strong mono flavors for the chicken tikka masala: but lacks depth: complexity or nuance to the sauce. I could taste the spices in at Masalawala. Kinda reminds me of UK Indian food.

The curry chicken samosa was also excellent. I had a delivered order and the samosas were still crispy on the outside while moist on the inside. Usually: crispy food goes soggy when delivered.

I also had a side of garlic naan. Naan was on the thicker side and went well with the tikka.  It wasnt too garlicy and it had a little chew. It was moist but wasnt crispy.

Delivery was quick too. I got my order in 30 mins of ordering.
We couldnt pass up a place with 1000+ stellar reviews. The MasalaWala seemed like the perfect place to satisfy our Indian food craving: and it did not disappoint! 

When we arrived at The MasalaWala: we were surprised at how small it is (for having 1000+ reviews). The restaurant only seats about 28 people. Its tiny but so cozy: intimate: and homey. Beautifully decorated and wonderful ambiance. We were lucky that when we arrived: there was a table for the four of us readily available. We were very warmly welcomed and quickly seated. 

We started off with a super friendly welcoming by our awesome server who helped us learn more about the items on the menu. Everything is cooked fresh to order. I checked in on Yelp and redeemed the free samosa appetizer. It was delicious; a great start to our meal.

For the main course: our table ordered a couple of chicken tikka masalas: one paneer tikka masala: and one curry chicken. We also ordered chili cheese naan and original butter naan.  All the food was delicious! Chicken tikka masala was solid and that naan was soooo good! We also ordered a Wala mango lassi to follow our spiced meals. It was nice and creamy and the mango flavor was killer. Everything was great!

Everyone working here is SO friendly! They have a nice family ambiance going on here. The MasalaWala himself took lots of time to talk to us and tell us about his restaurant. His passion for his business truly radiated. Theres nothing I love more than seeing an owner with such a beautiful passion for his restaurant.

Id be happy to visit The MasalaWala whenever Im back in the area. 5 star experience without a doubt.
Id been meaning to get back here ever since being introduced to their venue at the Yelp summer boat cruise in July: 2016. I finally got back there recently and enjoyed the experience.

I had a sampler of several apps and really enjoyed most of them. I also had the chicken tika dish and enjoyed it thoroughly.

The service was quite good and includes the Masala Wala himself. He keeps a close eye on how things are going in his restaurant and makes sure everyone is enjoying.

I liked the ambiance: service and food and recommend giving the M-W a try!
Service:
Good: waiter was attentive.

Ambience:
Quite: relaxing. Maybe cause it was a weekday? Decorative inside but very small and a little congested. 


Ordered:

Chili Chicken with White Basmati Rice 
5 Stars
Sauce was the perfect amount of thick and so was the spice level (for me: and I like very spicy food) Did not come with white rice had to order as side. Its not enough as a meal but definitely an appetizer for two.

Samosa Chaat
4 Stars 
It was Delicious: and extra spicy. It also had some pomegranate seeds in it: which helped the spice level slightly and tasted delicious as well! Appetizer portion would be best for one.

Pani Puri 
2.5 
It wasnt terrible: but the sauce couldve been less salty and thick. The sauce was a bit too much: which it shouldnt cause pani puri is ALL about the sauce. The Puri was little too over cooked: making it harder to eat. Chickpeas inside were well seasoned.
I ordered delivery while on a business trip and it lived up to the reviews on here. First the food came early which was a big plus - and it was delicious! The garlic naan came in its own aluminum container to keep it hot and moist - so big points for that. Hate soggy naan... 

Highly recommend this place.
Adorable establishment with good Indian and Sri Lankan beer. Their curried meat samosa and giant shrimps were cooked to perfection. The chicken kebab and lamb meat a bit on the dryer side. Biryani was fragrant and light with fried shallots: cumin and spices. Masala chai was wonderfully milky and infused with nutmeg and cardamon. 

All in all a good night with awesome conversation. Not the down home: nitty gritty: amazeball meal I was hoping for judging by the stellar reviews. Its a solid place through and through. More for a date because its pretty or small company gathering with requisite Indian flavors.
I was not impressed. I eat Indian food a couple times a week and was so eager to try this place out. 
So eager that I took a 30 minute taxi ride from Times Square. 

It had excellent reviews but my experience was just OK. 

I got the CTM- you cant really go wrong but there was barley any chicken in it. Thats a huge Bummer for me. 
I also got rice cant really mess that up. 
And then I got the gobi 65 or sometimes called gobi Manchurian. It was sooooo sour I couldnt even finish half of it. 

If you want good Indian head down to Murray hill.
Great food: you have to try the cauliflower appi. The service was great and the owner initially was a bit intimidating however he is really a great guy. The lamb vindaloo and chicken Tika masala rocked.

Happy eating
As a group of hungry folks of 8.... we were experiencing a not so good night. We were all hungry: annoyed and wanted some good yummy food- and not to mention we were trying to host a birthday celebration for the birthday girl. 

As hungry folks would do: they would try to settle for anything... but not the birthday girl... she had this place in the back of her pocket to try and we all hopped in the car (some in trains) and made our way to MasalaWala.

When we first got here... we were a bit nervous about how will the restaurant accommodate 8 hungry folks with no reservations (which I can to find out they dont take). The host (which Im guessing is the owner) came out: told us to give him 10 minutes. He rearranged his right side of the restaurant and even move a party of two into the other side. We were so grateful of how fast and nicely he accommodated is so quickly. It was really nice of him and so happy to sit down and start ordering.

The menu is filled with wonderful biryanis and curries... our mouth was salivating at all the wonderful descriptions.

We started off with samosas- whoever had yelp checked in and we each got one free samosas. They were sooooo delicious and flavorful. Every bite with the chutney was sooo good. We also had Hakka Chili Chicken. So much flavor packed into bits of chicken. Even the veggies that were in the sauce was so good.

Main course- we had so much food: chicken biryani: lamb biryani: chicken tikka masala: shahi paneer : paneer nann: garlic nann: and lamb vindaloo. Each curry dish came with rice and being all proud brown folks- we all asked for spicy. 

*if you cant handle spicy... do not order spicy*  they did such a good job spicing up the dishes for us. We were even shocked how spicy it was

Everything was delicious. Every single thing we had had so much flavor- it was soooo good. we had so much food left over: we all took our favorite dishes home. 

We all enjoy how nice the staff was. Very patient with all of us: and did a great job with all the water we were drinking.

Will definitely be coming back. I cant wait to have more of their food! It was a good way to end a hungry night!
I rarely leave reviews: but our meal was so good that Im inspired to get on here an write about it. The flavors at MasalaWala are extraordinary. I ordered the Gobi Manchurian off the appetizer menu and it is as addictive as advertised. I made my ten year old try it and he too admitted that its good. The chai is nicely spiced--just a tiny  bit sweet and very creamy. My son ordered the pickle: thinking it would be like a kosher dill (I wanted him to try something new: so I didnt tell him otherwise.)What showed up was not like anything we had ever tasted--mind bogglingly flavorful. Highly recommend!
Havent had Indian food for awhile. Wanted to try this restaurant since the reviews were so high. Went after work with my friend to try. Ordered the chicken tikka masala: chicken madras: garlic naan and mango lassi. I checked in at yelp app for free Somosa with entree. Everything was so good. Adding the chicken tikka masala on top of the rice was so delicious. This is a nice restaurant for good Indian food in the area. It gets pack during dinner time. Best to beat the crowd before 6:30pm. Staff are friendly and they do take credit card.
Very very average food.

Dahi puri was spicy: and decent.

Paneer was really soft: but hardly flavorful.

Malai kofta was terrible. And the garlic naan was very dough-y.
Ordered delivery on a Friday night. We ordered chicken samosa: garlic naan: chicken vindaloo and chicken tikki masala. The garlic naan was so big and FLUFFY! Hands down the best naan Ive had in the city thus far. The chicken samosa was just okay: I could have done without it. There was a golden crisp on the outside of the samosa which I enjoyed: but the chicken inside was dry and not very enjoyable. My boyfriend had the chicken vindaloo which he really liked. But my chicken tikki masala was mediocre. When I first received it: there was a thick layer of oil laying on the top which I found disgusting. After removing some of it and mixing it all in: it was still just okay. I felt that the sauce was very thin: watery and too oily. There wasnt a lot of chicken in it either which I was surprised. Overall: it lacked a lot of flavor in my opinion. Unfortunately: I will most likely not order from here again.
Raj served us and she was incredible! She highly recommended the cauliflower manchurian appetizer ($10)which was incredible! Superb and highly recommend ordering that 

Great service great place and owner was so friendly and humorous 

We ordered vegan dishes and so glad there were so many options & very grateful for the superb recommendations!


Will definitely come back! Highly recommend!!!