*3.5 stars*

the only reason you can fall in love with Danish food is for their RYE bread (oh and smorrebrod too).  my dear friends: Aamanns-Copenhagen has AMAZING rye bread.  warm: crusty: and most importantly buttery... makes eating all the small plates that much more enjoyable.  plus: i had the best companions and my friend A. who LOVED the restaurant.  for our love of food: we both endorsed this restaurant and gave our stamp of approval.

As mentioned earlier: everything is smorrebrod.... a buttery piece of rye bread topped with cold cut meats: cheese: fish.... etc.   we opted for kale: pate: salmon and lamb.  We also did a cheese plate as well...and well cheese and bread can be very filling.

Everything we ordered was super tasty: so thats a plus.  I wasnt completely mesmerized by the place: though the decor was super quaint and awfully quiet: as there were only a handful of other tables who were eating.  

Dont go super hungry...you might have to order the entire menu to get your fill.  (There isnt a whole lot of variety as the menu offerings seem a bit limited: and everything you ordered is surely to have Rye).  But you will definitely enjoy it.  The most memorable thing was indeed the rye bread..if that is any indication of the top favorite item we enjoyed for the night.  

So long story short.... you MUST like carbs to enjoy Danish food.
To waiter.
"Excuse me: the woman sitting by the window: is the plate of mini sandwiches she has one order: or several?"
Waiter.
"Oh: no thats three orders."
The Smorgasbord (selection of different: open-face sandwiches) is fairly broad. Some have wonderful: pickled red cabbage and pork belly: others with cured salmon: and still more with beautiful: pink: roasted beef all atop a dense Smrrebrd.
The ones we had were very tasty with fresh ingredients.
Honestly: I hope this little place is around in six months: but wonder whether (even in NY) it can survive serving $9-$10 mini-sandwiches.
Youll easily eat two and only momentarily consider stopping for a slice of pizza down the block.
This is as authentic as it gets! I grew up in Copenhagen: so I ought to know. Had the Trio of Herring (recommend adding the side of two extra slices of homemade rye bread with butter): Pt of pork open faced sandwich: rye snaps and micro-brew ale. This was as good as any high-end restaurant in Copenhagen. Could not have been happier!
There are a lot of good restaurants in NY. 

This place has the slowest service. It took 40 minutes to find someone to take our cards: and the food was either too salty or too sweet. Nothing was hot. 

We ordered the veal: soup: celery root: and confit. All of them were not particularly good. The veal was veal fat. Gross. 

Waste of my time and money.

This place is my first one star review.
Not so sure about the foods closeness to the real Danish food: but god: all the dishes were so good ! Since this was our first time trying Danish food: we simply asked the (really nice) waitress for suggestsions. So cannot really remember the specific names: but the smrrebrd: the herringbone dishes.... Everything was also served on such a beautiful plating: so that was an extra plus.

The drinks were so-so: which is the reason for -1 star.
Being a native Dane I must say Im very disappointed with this place. The rye bread is great: yes: but the overall menu is not outstanding or memorable. However: the reason why I wouldnt recommend this place is the service! Ive been here a few times now and every time had very slow and poor service. Its really a shame because its the only place in New York where I can have Danish food. After my last visit: the service was so bad that I would not come back nor introduce my friends to this kind of Danish place. Hopefully the Danes will learn the American service and hospitality one day!
Charming. It really did remind me of Copenhagen with its many details: right down to the little framed article on Christiania in the restroom. Very hygge. 

Wasnt too crazy about the fiskefrikadeller (fish cakes): but the side of greens that came with it was great. Both the salmon and pickled herring were tasty.
We went for Sunday brunch: looking for their famous smrrebrd: and were denied -- for some counterintuitive reason: they limit their specialty to weekday lunches only. Beside that: they offered a host of egg-based dishes alongside fruit and yogurt: nothing particularly Scandinavian. Ive eaten at the original in Copenhagen: and the food was dynamite there: but the New York contingent seems happy to underwhelm. The food was very tasty: but nothing I couldnt have received anywhere else. Also: the service was sleepy when we went: Not discourteous: but forgetful. We waited 20 minutes between getting the menu and having our order taken: not a good ratio.

One bright spot is the aquavit -- skip the food entirely and order a flight of booze if you must but dont miss the malted bread flavor.
Everything we had was amazing and out of the ordinary!
We had scallops and makarel as starters. Both were great: especially the scallops... never had something like this! Delicious!
As main course we had the butter fried skate: but the best was the dessert... I dont remember the name... Whipped cream: berries and a berries hot cream on top... Legendary!!
I would recommend this place: totally worth it!!
Went for lunch couple days ago. I order fiskefrikadeller and a cup if coffee. Fiske- Good portion and very delicious. Coffee- very fresh. My server was Linnea- nice and friendly. Definitely: a place to relax and enjoy your meal.
We find this restaurant in the Groupon. We decided to try something different on Friday night: and it turned out a very right decision. The food there is very tasted and the environment is awesome! Also the service is super good. Highly recommended this restaurant :)
The food is YUMMY! I was there for lunch and ordered 2 Somerrebrod-s.

Roast Beef Sirloin (Tasty)
Pate of Pork (Excellent taste: great texture combination)

My pilsner was refreshing and crisp. 

Great atmosphere. The space is more modern than in Copenhagen.
My BF took me there for an AMAZING birthday lunch on Saturday 11/16. We took the $46 menu that lets you taste sooo many fresh well thought out dishes: and had the Dill Aquavit and one of their home brews. It was excellent and the waitress was very friendly. It was like being in Copenhagen again!

I highly recommend this place!
Im not the perfect bite kinda guy though I dont rule that out. Im more of a stewy peasanty food type. Give me a whole rabbit with a tater and Im pretty pleased. So I was a bit wary of all the perfect bites and beautiful plating comments about this place. But you know what...theyre right. They were small but lovely and in the end very filling and fine and perfect. We started with the steak tartare and mackerel. The steak Tartare was among the best Ive had. Entrees were the duck and skate. Both wonderful. A great selection of beer too which I thought went well with this food. The ambience was modern and relaxing and quiet on a snowy night. The service was great and our waitress was wonderful. My one complaint was that we had a coupon and when they brought the check we couldnt see the real bill so we didnt know what to tip. I think the servers get screwed sometimes with these coupons. This would be an easy fix for the management to provide the real bill or better yet tack on a 20% tip to the bill. I really dont mind that. Well be back.
My brothers and I went here for dinner under  the impression the 4 course chefs menu was $40 per person:  per the website. We had a round of drinks at the bar before we sat down at our table: the atmosphere was wonderful. But when we looked at the menu it said the chef menu was $50: not $40. We asked our waitress to ask the manager if they could honor the $40 website price and she said the manager was in a bad and said no to our request. They should either change their price on the website or honor the customers. Absolutely terrible hospitality managerial skills. We will not be going back.
I waited: and I waited: and then I waited some more... and then it was everything I hoped for.

I understand that these guys were stuck in licensing purgatory: and I am so glad (for them and for me) that they have been able to open because NYC was in serious need of some serious smorrebrod. And this is smorrebrod at its best.
Delicious brown crusty bread! Sunchoke soup had nice sunchoke chunks and berry vinaigrette. Pickled herring was just right on curled toasted thin sliced pumpernickel. Low life beer was a good accompaniment. Service and clientele a bit distracted and attractive. Dcor: lighting and uncrowdedness dateworthy.
This review is particularly about the steak tartare. Ive never had more delicious steak tartare in my life. I could come here and sit all day And eat it over and over and over. Its a nice place even though the decor is a little bit drab because its all white. But there is a lot of natural light and the staff is cool. I guess this is the way the decor is in Denmark. They also have a nice outdoor seating area during the summer.
If you miss Scandinavia that is the place for taste and atmosphere: tiny sandwiches: delicious herring: strong drinks. W will be back
As a Dane who has eaten in some of the new Michelin restaurants in Copenhagen (inspired by Noma): I can see what this place is going for. The dcor and ambience are certainly close enough: even if I dislike their location on a busy highway at the Holland Tunnel entrance.

Unfortunately the food falls far short of the "Scandinavian Food Renaissance" ideal. Perhaps they need a better chef. At this price level: ~$75/head on food: it should be a lot better. Also there is no interaction with the cooks - the kitchen is hidden away and you cannot even see them: contrary to real Scandinavian restaurants.

The portions are dainty and elegantly presented but the flavors are always heavy and overbearing. I think some of the menu choices are questionable as they seem to choose inexpensive ingredients (salmon: pork belly etc) and try to dress them up.