Yummy Korean spot in Chinatown! Always looking for good Korean options outside of K-town to avoid the crowds a bit. This place is spacious and has a warm feel. Could be good for a large group. They specialize in soon tofu - perfect for a cold winter day. I tried the beef soon tofu and boyfriend tried to oyster soon tofu. Its served boiling in a hot stone pot which keeps it warm for the duration of the meal. We both got spicy - we like spice so I would try very spicy next time. The tofu was great - large portions - we both usually finish our food but had to take doggy bags - served with an egg inside: lots of veggies and delicious broth. Its also served with a bowl of scrambled egg and the usual Korean accompaniments (kimchi etc). They have a wide variety of soon tofu options: so we will need to return to try other flavors.
My sister and I took my family here for my moms birthday since she wanted Korean and theres no good spots in Brooklyn. We were able to reserve a table shortly before we got there on a Saturday night. We enjoyed the food a lot but we did notice the portions are pretty small for certain dishes like the galbi and ramen. It definitely hits the spot if youre craving Korean soft tofu but I wasnt a fan of their army stew compared to places in midtown. They also messed up our orders a few times: giving us seafood tofu instead of seafood ramen and then giving us seafood tofu again when we added a beef tofu but the waitress/owner I believe did apologize profusely about the mix ups.
Walked past this and was amazed theres an actual Korean restaurant in Chinatown so had to stop by! We were greeted by a very cheery person who seated us promptly. We came at 2ish: so the lunch special is still going on. The menu looked pretty standard with some typical Korean food such as bi bim bap and galbi. Since its a Korean restaurant: 2 things must be tried; the galbi and the boneless chicken! The galbi was $20.95 and was actually not too big but not too small. We thought we could share it but we couldnt. Im a person with a big appetite and my partner also has quite the big one. The good thing is the meal came with many many traditional Korean aides and my partner is a huge veggie lover. I would not recommend you showing a galbi set.

The chicken though was sadly lackluster. It has decent texture but the taste was pretty bland. I read in other reviews that it wasnt worth a try but I had to see for myself. Id definitely come get the lunch specials. For $8: you get a tofu soup with 5-8 sides which is more than enough to satisfy most peoples appetite. The gaff is friendly and attentive: and the food comes out quick. Will be my go to spot for Korean food when Im in the mood and dont want to travel to k-town.
Amazing food: amazing service. So authentic and beyond creative food! Exactly the experience i wanted to have in chinatown!
So glad that there is this awesome Korean spot in Chinatown: so close by where I live and work. Ill definitely be coming here to satisfy any tofu soup cravings - perfect as the weather gets chilly!

They have a good assortment of side dishes: including a tasty seasoned tofu dish and the sizzling steamed egg. I ordered the mixed beef and seafood tofu soup (medium spice): which was excellent. Sometimes: youll get places that skimp on the seafood: but this one didnt! I got a good collection of beef: clams: shrimp: and oysters. And the spice level was just right. Definitely devoured the whole spread.

The space is well-lit: spacious: and clean (goes for the bathroom too!) - pretty rare for Chinatown. And the servers were so friendly and attentive. Definitely recommend when you want Korean food in this area! No need to venture up to midtown. 

Looks like a good spot for groups too. They serve KBBQ.
This is one of the few times yelp has truly failed me.  How did this place get so many good reviews from elites no less!?!? The Korean food at this Chinese restaurant is just not good. Admittedly: I was skepticle coming here for that very reason I had a hunch it was not authentic but the reviews clouded my judgement. In any case here is the breakdown.

The fried chicken appetizer was an absolute disaster. The batter was disgusting and made up about 80% of each piece. Basically the chicken was almost non existent and the little chicken that was there was flavorless as was the batter. I was basically sitting there saying this is probably the worst appetizer I have ever been served at an eatery. I would have enjoyed frozen supermarket chicken nuggets much more. Aside from that the dish was tiny: and maybe thats a good thing because we couldnt finish it. It came with 6 pieces of batter and a handful of fries and it cost $13!!! It was literally a disgrace. The only thought  in my mind was "wow this is awful they have to remove this from the menu." 

The soon dubu (tofu soup) is lacking in flavor and is very underwhelming. If youve had a decent bowl of soon dubu in your life dont bother coming here. You will be disappointed. 

We ordered 2 different types of soon dubu. The beef/kimchi soup was edible but not good. My gf had the veggie tofu soup and she fouldnt even eat it there was a ton of mushrooms in it to the point where even after she took them out her soup and tofu still tasted like mushrooms ans completly toom over the dish. All you could altaste was mushroom. No spice no authentic soondubu flavor. The only good part of the tofu soup is the tofu itself which was soft and of good quality. 

Its ironic that at an eatery called tofu tofu: the main tofu dish soon dubu: was awful and the only thing that was decent was the steamed egg dish which is on the house.

I hate to be this harsh but i would not come back or recommend it.
Went here for lunch time and everything was really good. It wasnt too busy as we were able to get a table right away and I got a chicken over rice dish for just $8.95. They werent stingy on the chicken and I ordered extra spicy and it was actually spicy. The service was good as well.
Solid Korean restaurant in Chinatown!

Came here with a friend for early dinner on Friday. We were seated promptly and werent being rushed or watched like hawks to order. We sat: settled down: chatted for a bit and looked through the menu. Decided to go with the Hae Mool Jeon Gol (J1- $39.95): which is from the casserole section on the menu.

Placed on a portable gas burner on your table: the casserole comes with assorted seafood that includes shrimps: udon noodles: clams: vegetables: tofu: mushrooms: bean sprouts: peppers: etc. Just be careful since the soup can splash a bit while it boils. You know how some casseroles are too large and/or overwhelming for two people to share? Well: this was perfect for two people. They also give you a bowl of rice. Mix some of that soup in there and voila! It wasnt too spicy: in my opinion. But I guess that really depends on your tolerance level.

As for the side dishes or banchans: they gave us the steamed eggs (my favorite): broccoli: macaroni salad: kimchi: kimchi radishes: fish cakes and the Korean style salty cucumber pickles (oijangajji). You know a Korean place is legit if they serve you bomb steamed eggs. Itd be nice if they also gave you like a bowl of soup like denjang jjigae (fermented soybean paste stew) but: I might be asking for too much lololls. Anyways: loved the side dishes.

I think I saw mainly two middle aged servers working with one other guy cleaning up the tables and collecting dishes. It got packed around 6pm/7pm. Despite how busy it was: the lady server we had was friendly and attentive. The water cups were always refilled and they gladly packed the leftovers for us to take home: upon request of course. I mean: it wasnt a lot that was left over. We just didnt want to waste any food heh heh. 

Overall: great service and menu options: friendly staff: clean restroom (smells amazing in there): spacious layout: reasonable price for NYC and cute decor. I especially liked the hanging lightbulbs all over the ceiling. The seatings seemed to consist of mainly 2-4 people per table but Im sure they can accommodate to bigger groups by combining tables. Oh and mention Yelp and get 10% off your check! Im so glad I found a solid Korean restaurant in Chinatown. Definitely coming back.
I came looking for BCD Tofu House with a friend: but was met with an even better surprise. If I have to be honest: I love Korean food but dont indulge in it often: unless someone else is footing the bill :) So when I heard about Korean restaurants popping up in Chinatown: I knew I had to try it.

The first thing I noticed was the ample seating and decorations- it looked a lot more of a wacky cafe than a Korean restaurant. My friend and I ordered the Mixed and Beef soondubu off the lunch special: and the Haemul Pajeon (seafood pancake). Every time I get Korean I always wish we ordered more until the end of the meal. My seafood tofu stew was good - medium spicy and enough for my taste: but I was surprised at the huugge amount of seafood given. Service was great - our server was sweet: accommodating and we got plenty of refills on our water and a second refill on our banchan (side dishes). The only thing I wouldnt recommend is the seafood pancake - it was a bit too thick and bland: not like the ones I typically enjoy in Koreatown. 

Otherwise: I had an extremely enjoyable and filling meal. Its probably not the most authentic Korean: but it hits the spot. Id most definitely return when Im craving Korean on a budget.
We stopped by early on a Saturday evening after reading the Yelp reviews and were seated immediately. We ordered the fried chicken appetizer and the tofu soup/bulgogi combo which was more than enough food for two people. The fried chicken was perfectly moist: the soup was just right for a cold day: and the bulgogi was light but flavorful. I would try Tofu Tofu again in a heartbeat.
Not bad for a Korean place in Chinatown! They have some decent lunch specials too. We ordered the appetizer fried chicken ($12) and the lunch combo galbi beef short rib ($21) that came with soup (I chose seafood soup) and all the accompanying sides that Korean places have. 

Service was good. The sides came out quickly: and were replaced quickly when finished. The steamed egg was especially good: light and fluffy. 

The chicken came out next and: as prior reviews said: it was pretty disappointing. Really lacking in any flavor: the sauce it came with was alright but not enough to add much to the chicken. It also came with some fries: which were actually worse than the chicken: could have at least used some salt. 

The galbi was good: fairly small portion but it was the lunch combo size. It came with a tofu would I chose seafood tofu soup: and actually was pretty good with real pieces of seafood. Next time I come Ill try some other things. Pretty good deal for the price especially with all the sides: the lunch rice deals will Be next on my list to try.
Ordered the lunch combo to share with my boyfriend with Galbi short ribs + soondubu of your choice for $20. Great place for the price and would come back but a few things to note and know for next time.

Seafood soontofu: I chose to get medium spiciness based on other reviews saying the flavor wasnt very strong. Although the overall taste was good: the medium definitely wasnt spicy enough- I think spicy or even extra spicy wouldve been much better (this is considering I usually get mild at BCD!).

Galbi short ribs: Cooked really well: only complaint is that the portion is small. Received only about 5 pieces. Would probably pass on this combo and just get the soontofu if youre looking for a filling meal.
I love that now we have a great Korean restaurant in Chinatown to satisfy all my Korean cravings and not have to go all the way to Koreatown.  

I had the mixed soon tofu and added vermicelli noodles to it.  They made a mistake and gave me ramen at first but once I told them: they have made a mistake they gladly took it back and replaced the noodles.  So I greatly appreciate that kind of service and the waitress came by to check if everything was okay as well.  When you add additional noodles they give you the large stone bowls like the one they use for bibimbap.  So it was huge: I couldnt finish it.  However: it was delicious: the tofu was soft and they dont skimp on their stuff. 

The only thing missing was some soju to complete my meal.  However: they are working on getting a liquor license.  I will definitely be back here often and would recommend it.
Amazing service great food the best ramen Ive ever had in my opinion ! Must try hidden gem in the city
I wanted to try out a new place in Chinatown Manhattan that looked similar to BCD tofu house (which I love dining in at!). Its rare to have any Korean restaurant in Chinatown: theyve got so much competition from places that give huge portions for a very low price. 

I thought the food here was good and so was the service: large restaurant as well. I ordered bulgogi: seafood & beef tofu soup and of course the meal came with free banchan. All staff were Korean so that was a good sign: sometimes Japanese or Korean restaurants are run by Chinese cooks but in this case it is not. I found the portions to be a little small but the flavors were there. It isnt quite the same experience as BCD but its a decent authentic Korean tofu spot with some Korean BBQ meat platters.
Lovely little place we stumbled on after my boyfriend got his haircut near by in China town! 

We were surprised to find this little tofu place in the out of no where!! But we are so happy we came! 

The restaurant is much larger on the inside once you walk in. Its very cute with a garden theme. Lots of interesting things to look at. 

The menu is very similar to BCD tofu with your tofu soups: BBQ: bibimbap: and combos. I love how its used as your table mat since I like to read the menu while waiting sometimes. 

We ended up ordering a bugolgi + tofu soup combo
and regular size tofu soup. Then on came the yummy banchans! 

All of the food and banchan were yummy and it was really nice that it came with a steamed egg! We also received a side of regular tofu as well too. 

What I did notice was that all of the items here were not as salty and heavy compared so many of the other Korean Restaurants Ive been to (which is a good thing!!) that makes me feel like I could definitely come here more often!

The service was also wonderful. They are attentive: kind: and you can tell they are passionate about their restaurant.

Overall we concluded that we would definitely come back to Tofu tofu when we are craving Korean food home style and just want to unwind. Yummy and not too heavy! Also cheaper than ktown!
Yeah yeah yeah everyones heard of BCD but lemme tell you about Tofu Tofu. If BCD is like the Korean soondubu equivalent of a McDonalds Big Mac: then Tofu Tofu is like a burger from Peter Lugers. You can tell each bowl of tofu soup is made with love: from the friendly waitstaff (not sure if its a family-run business but its got that charm) to how many delicious goodies are packed into each serving. My usual order is the mixed soondubu spicy ($13.95): but at Tofu Tofu you can add RAMEN (+$3) which is probably the most amazing idea ever. And as you take each beautiful spoonful and let the tofu melt in your mouth: youre like wait: did I just eat a perfectly cooked piece of octopus: and: woah: these tiny zucchini cubes are delicious AND healthy. Its just packed with so much stuff that you feel like youre really getting a complete meal: which helps justify the cost for this slightly higher priced food (by Chinatown standards). The banchan is comparable to BCD - you dont get the fried fish but they do give you a large steamed egg: which I actually prefer. 

One of my favorite parts of Tofu Tofu is that you can just walk in and enjoy a mindblowing meal without having to stand around waiting for 30 minutes like at BCD.
Cute Korean place in the middle of Chinatown. Excellent service with a really nice ahjima. 

1. Seafood and beef soondubu with grilled fish lunch special (~18): Fish was good but the guts werent cleaned out properly. Comes on a cast iron pan so the skin is crispy. The meat is tender as well. The soondubu was more like a soup than a stew. The soup and tofu were like separate entities. Not the best Ive had but it was flavorful. Mild was perfect for me.
2. Beef and Kimchi stew Lunch special (~11$): partner got this dish and loved it.
3. Banchan: good variety. The stewed turnip was amazing. Kimchi is almost ripe which I like. The tofu was also very good. The steamed egg was very jiggly! I loved it

Overall: great addition to Chinatown. Excellent service. Would come back to try other soups.
Welcome Tofu Tofu to Chinatown!

Ive passed by this establishment a couple of times since it first opened. Honestly: I was a bit skeptical to try this place out because I was unsure of the foods authenticity. However: after hearing good things about it: I finally decided to try this place out with my sister. 

We arrived around lunch time and got seated quickly. Once we settled down: we looked through the menu and I was delighted to find a Lunch special section for all types of Soon Tofu. This was perfect for me since spicy tofu soup is usually my go-to dish at a Korean restaurant. I ended up ordering the Mixed Soon Tofu ($11.95): which comes with beef and assorted seafood: and I got it in mild spicy. My sister settled for a Combo Special which comes with a choice of tofu soup: either seafood or veggie. She chose C5 - the Jeyuk Kimchi Combo ($18.95) which is stir fried pork and kimchi: with a side of spicy seafood tofu soup. 

As we were waiting for our food: we got served a variety of banchan such as fish cakes: radish: bean sprouts and kimchi: to name a few. The banchan was pretty decent: but the fish cakes were our favorite. The staff came over and noticed we had finished it so he got us more: which was nice. 

Our food also came very quickly. I was also pleasantly surprised to that the staff brought us free steamed egg: which was a nice addition to our meal. On top of that: we were told that we could get a free beverage - either soda or bottle of water. There were many surprises during our visit but I think this was all part of their grand opening promotion. 

Overall: everything was delicious. My tofu soup had an abundance of seafood and tofu so I was extremely satisfied. Also: the mild spicy level wasnt spicy at all to me so I think next time: I would try medium just to get more of a kick. My sister enjoyed her food as well but the only thing we felt was lacking was the stir fried pork and kimchi dish. We wished it came with more pork. Otherwise: the flavors were all there and we had a very pleasant experience. I cant wait to come back.

TIP: It seems like theres also 10% off if you mention Yelp. I havent tried this myself since I found out about this after but Ill see if this is still valid when I revisit very soon.
I have to say - I was a bit skeptical seeing this Korean restaurant in the middle of Chinatown but at the same time giggled inside because I no longer have to travel to Flushing for good Korean food.  The prices are reasonable (between $8-22) and youll be guaranteed to leave with a full stomach: especially because Korean food always comes with those lovely appetizer dishes in the beginning.  The servings are fair and possibly on the larger side.  Between my husband and I: we ordered the seafood pancake: a tofu soup: and a kalbi dish that also came with rice. We hugged our stomachs when we left!  

I liked the seafood pancake. Its a big portion! Tons of squid and bits of seafood inside: not too crispy and definitely not soggy.  The tofu soup was delicious - sizzling: bubbling hot when it comes out and you can request how you want your egg. Lastly: you cant go wrong with kalbi unless its super dry or super well done: which it wasnt.  I would go back for these 3 dishes.  I really enjoyed the service - cute Korean older women who are super friendly and tries to converse with you if youre friendly with them in return.