Best place for lunch with all you can eat selection. If you want to eat healthy like fresh salads: fruits and veggies: you must try this place. For those who like sweets: Villa Brazil offers great selection of tasty deserts
This place is amazing compared to other Brazilian place! First they give you plastic plate: which you can trust that there isnt extra weight from the ceramic plate! There are many options to choose from. You cant go wrong with their steak!
This place has a nice selection of red meats and a really good steaming table with plenty of choices available.  The meats are always perfectly seasoned and juicy.  Im actually beginning to salivate as I write this.  Prices are very reasonable for the quality of food that youre getting.......and I think thats partially because they do not have waiter service.  You pay at the counter after they weigh your food then find a seat.  The system seems to work very well there.
Favorite place for Brazilian food. Everything are so goooddd i could eat there everyday  and the price is great too.
Meat is of good quality. However I knocked some points down because I was given dried well done hanger steak even I asked for "rare". Thats just kinda shady as that is the last bit of meat left and he just wanted to sell it to someone.
This is a wonderful: authentic: pay per pound Brazilian food restaurant. Worth your money: especially for larger appetites. You will not be disappointed. Just dont go at odd hours because you want to be sure that the meat is fresh on the grill: so that might dampen your otherwise great experience.
I live right across the street! Best buffet ever and so clean too with wonderful staff 
Love faria
Okay. Yes! Yes! Yes! Layout similar to what youd expect in local joints in Brazil. No frills baby. Everything is delish. And I mean e-v-e-r-y-t-h-i-n-ggggg. Meats. Yes. Fish. Yes. Veggies. Yesss. Salad bar. Yes. 

Everytime I go: its a new adventure. Just go! Thank me later :)  And you will ;) Oh yeah Uh huh thats right
Very clean! Delicious! Love it!! Good for family and friends. Very reasonable price. I love the place. Friendly staffs and convenient location. Not fancy but awesome. I would love to visit again.
Wow! Great value. Best place to come when youre hungry on a budget. 

The only bad thing about this place is how hard it is deciding which dishes to choose from the buffet. 

The salad bar always has a very fresh selection of fruit and veggies which is a huge bonus. 

Staff are very friendly. The place can be really busy at dinner time as its a popular spot.
In my last review I said that this was my favorite place to eat in NYC: and back then: it was true. But the quality has gone down since Villa Brazils humble beginnings (Ive been coming here for about ten years now: when it was still known as Brasiliaville). 

Ironically: one of the things I praised back then was its ability to deliver *consistently* delicious food: but I think thats one of their weak points now. The same dish offered in the hot food buffet might be amazing one day but lousy another. Same goes with the churrascaria. 

That being said: its still possible to get a fantastic meal here: but you need to come around peak hours (6-8: no later than 8!) and preferably on a Saturday so you can get your hands on some feijoada (seriously: best comfort food: I can get just feijoada on rice and be totally set.)

I still have faith in these folks: but the last few visits Ive made here have convinced me that its more a 4 than a 5.
I usually frequent Copacabana in Astoria to fulfill my Brazilian food craving: but decided to try something else this time around! The food here was actually pretty good as they have a lot more salad bar options: but thought the meat selections were not as great/delicious as Copas. Still: I enjoyed the food - the salad bar items were good!
Just went here with a friend last night for dinner. Its a very cozy low key place hidden from the hustle and bustle of Steinway in an area known for its abundance of Brazilian restaurants and shops. They have a buffet style type of set up which the option of getting a selection of bbq meats and you pay by the pound. It was awesome ringing the huge bell: apparently I had to ring it twice since my hand didnt do the job the first time. 

The food was plentiful : with a large selection to choose from. My plate was filled with Rice and beans: plantains: chicken wrapped in bacon and what I believed was collard greens with eggs and chickpeas while my friend had something similar with the exception of chicken breast and legs. The staff were incredible: very friendly and helped explain how everything was set up: and Im grateful for their help. I still cant get pass everything being so delicious and the warmth of the atmosphere and food definitely beat the chill of the night. Villa Brazil for the win!!!
Very authentic Brazilian food. Unlike those pricy restaurants in Manhattan you can find here good food for a good price. Its worth it the trip to Queens.
This is probably one of the best quality Brazilian buffets of the many joints in Astoria. Quality and flavor are excellent. But they always overcharge the costumers. It doesnt matter if you follow their rules (meat should be less than 70% of the plate to avoid the extra charge). They always apply the extra-charge so you should calculate $2-4 more per plate. I started going to other joints because I dont like being ripped-off.
The salads are amazing! And add salsa to their rice and everything else because I love how fresh the chunky salsa tastes. 

Many options with no milk: eggs: or nuts for those with a slight allergy like me. 

I am soooo excited they have food also for the meat eaters for my family so we both are happy.

Love the fried yuca/cassava with garlic and onions. to. Live. For.

Always eat here if you are nearby! You dont regret it!
Always delicious but prepare for your eyes to be bigger than your stomach! You get to select your meats and its weighed per lb  (bbq) and if you want the hot buffet of rice: beans : potatoes: etc. then thats extra weight but its all very affordable. 

The ribs are GREAT! juicy and tender with a short rib taste. Sirloin was a bit tough: we asked for medium rare too but still edible. Pork sausage was good but not outstanding and chicken hearts were tender. The side supplements like yuca fries: were yummy and always a good addition. 

They also have fresh fruit juices. Great: no frills spot.
Felt like I was home!! The food was fresh and full of taste!! I cant wait to go back: not to mention the price was great.
LOVE THIS PLACE! Its a food by the pound place and you will always see Brazilians eating here. Its a buffet type setup where you go to the counter and you serve yourself: then there is a window for the churrascaria. The window consists of the rotisserie meats: just ask them what they have for the day. 

The food:

I always get the short ribs: hanger steak: chicken hearts: stewed oxtail: corn stuffing: and rice with lentils with fried onions. The chicken and pork sausages are nice but a tad salty. The chicken and pork from the churrascaria is slightly dry. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=DBeFgIUz6APDRHketuKbaw&userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA
The first time I ate at Villa Brasil: I instantly fell in love.
Excellent tasting international dishes: friendly staff and affordable prices. This is my favorite place to eat. Keep up the good work Brasil.