Korean food buffet? Sign me up!

Stopped in here for lunch to get an authentic Korean food hit. The buffet is by weight: so you can take as much or as little as you want. You can also get pre-made containers of kimbap and other basics. 

Overall: the food is pretty good. However: anything that involved kimchi was...not good. The balance in the kimchi was way off and it tasted awful. I LOVE kimchi: and I couldnt finish any of it or the kimchi fried rice because of how terrible it was here. That and not all of the food was anything more than room temperature.

Theres some seating inside: but this is more of a place to go for a quick lunch carryout.
The line during lunch can be overwhelming if you come at the wrong time. I love that the lunch buffet is the weight of the food and you can choose whatever your heart desires. They have everything you would imagine a Korean restaurant would have. They have plenty of seating but it does fill up quickly if you come with a group: hard to get everyone to sit together. My only complaint is that I did not get a lot of food and it ended up being $13: which is the price of a nice lunch entree somewhere else. Also: when they weighed my food: they took it off the scale before I could even see the weight. It felt a bit off and sketchy: not sure if I was charged accurately. Oh well!
The go to place for cheap Korean food in the city! Woorijip honestly has the best deals for Korean food you can find in the city -- not even anything I found in Flushing can beat their prices. Granted: this restaurant is more structured on take out so dont expect a traditional dine in experience. But you can satisfy any Korean food craving all in one place - whether you want kimbap: korean fried chicken: ddukbokki: jjajangmyeon: etc. The food tasted good too! Youre not sacrificing quality for a lower price.

Ive been to woorijip a couple times and my second time: made the rookie mistake of getting the buffet ($8/lb) instead of the packaged foods. I guess I severely underestimate how much food could weigh. But to be able to eat a variety of Korean delights: it was worth the cost of (almost) $13. Did the value of everything I got add up to $13? Absolutely not: but I walked out happy anyways. 

I would definitely recommend getting the packaged foods if you want to save some money: but the ability to pick and choose whatever you want may also be worth the extra cost.
Been a long time customer of this restaurant. They decided to revoke their frequent customer card with little notice (1-1.5 months notice before the new year).

Been saving 15 of these babies (100 each card) up for a while. For the negative experience: 1 Star
I usually come by when running to a bus by Penn Station: and I cant recommend it enough. For under $15: you can have a hearty dinner: usually enough to share for two. I often grab two Kimbaps and a Tteokboki (spelling?): coming out to ~$9. All the boxes stack perfectly: and you have no problem eating them as a lunch or a dinner to go.  This is one of the best deals in the city: whether youre dining in or getting food to go!
Im no Korean food buff: but I do know that I enjoy this place when I want affordable: fast: and tasty Korean food.  I really dig the buffet style by the pound - who doesnt want options?!?  Not into buffets?  Dont fret my pet: they also have prepared meals.

Although they have a variety of food to choose from: this variety is quite constant.  You may see a new option here and there because of the season: but other than that...not really.
We visited this location on 11/28 around ~5/5:30pm on a Thursday while taking an impromptu trip to NY. After a whole day of walking around in the cold: brisk city: we found on Yelp that Woorijip had great reviews and decided to check it out. Do you ever hate the feeling of walking into a store and not being greeted or acknowledged because of your appearance? Well:we were greeted instantaneously by 1 of the 3 cashiers and even offered help if we had any questions. (Bare in mind: weve been walking all over the city with 2 heavy backpacks and wind through our head!!) It was such a nice and warm welcome. We ended up getting a boxed meal (curry and chicken cutlet) and sampling the buffet bar (I got eggplants: kimchi pancakes: fish cake: mackerel: cake pancakes: kimchi rice just to name a few options) and we shared a miso soup. The buffet bar is 8.99 per lb. and the boxed meal for us was around 6.50. The spiciness and the warmth of the food hit the spot after being outside all day. The place reminded me of a more cozy version of the H-Mart food courts we have here in Maryland. I saw a couple of people sitting on their computer doing work while grabbing a quick bite to eat. Noise level isnt bad. Around 5:45: the lines got really long but went by quickly. Restrooms are clean.

Customer Service story: We decided to get some of their prepackaged bonchons(?) for our ride back. Our total came out to be 4.81 but checking our credit card the next day: they mistakenly charged us 14.81. We called back and within an hour: the problem was resolved and within a day the charge was taken off our statement. Thats definitely more the reason for us to come visit again because 1) great selection of food 2) customer service is superb!
This place i visit always when I am in the city. I can choose different kind of food from buffets : have drinks there or take out prepared food. All the time fresh and tasty Korean meal. And prices are very cheap!
Really good food: cheap beer price. My advice would be to walk the entire buffet before buying: the carbs are first and can create a heavy plate. Also sort of difficult to get a spot to sit down. Food was very solid: nothing was particularly standout
If you havent been to this gem in Ktown: you have been missing out big time! If you want variety from soup to rice to noodles to Kimbaps that are rather cheap/reasonably priced and you can just pick up to go or eat in: this place is for you.

I love the $3 seaweed soup with clam meat. There must be like 15 clam meat inside the pint with abundance of seaweed which makes it so flavorful and is my comfort food especially during the wintertime. The $7 broiled eel bowl is perfect in size. It comes with a $1 salad: soup or water. Instead of getting the $1 soup: I just pay extra $2 for my seaweed soup.

Dont forget to get the point card. You get a stamp for every $5 spent. When you collect all 19 stamps: you can redeem an item that are on display behind the cashiers. 

PS: the line can be long during lunch time but it does move quickly.
Amazing spot for a quick Korean meal. Theres so many options to choose from and the variety changes once in a while. The prices are super affordable compared to other spots in K-Town. Their pre-packaged foods can get soggy once in a while though. The dinner buffet is $8.99/pound. Theres a huge variety to choose from and some of the items are pretty good. Theres also a good amount of seating inside so you can typically get a seat. They also open very late incase you have late night munchies.
WOW. So cheap: efficient: and GOOD.
You walk in: grab a container: load up on the buffet of Korean dishes: then out in a few minutes. The line went around the place at noon: but I still zipped through in 5 minutes. 

The food is flavorful and filling. Despite the buffet style setup: nothing tasted cheap.

I got:
- Kim bop
- Duk bok ki
- Korean fried chicken wings
- Sauteed eggplant
- Fried fish cakes
- Kimchi fried rice
- Rice with quinoa and mushrooms
- Fried mackerel 
- Ja jang myun 
- Assortment of pickles and banchan I cant name

AND a peach drink. FOR $11.82!! 

Will be back for sure.
If you dont have time to go to a sit down restaurant and you just want to grab a quick bite or want to get some food to go: this place should be your go to. I like coming here for the bulgogi kimbap. Its still good even if you eat it the next day. The bento box with the kimchi fried rice was good too. 

Its kind of like a cafeteria layout where you can grab what you want from the hot food choices or you can just grab some of the prepackaged food. Good food at reasonable prices.
Ive been coming to this place for years! Never fails to disappoint me! I just wish there were more tables in the back because they can fill up during lunch and dinner time. 

I definitely recommend getting the kimchi fried rice and their hot soups. They also have a fridge where they keep all of their soju bottles (for $10 per bottle).
Handy spot for quick prepared Korean food. Eat in our take it home...I usually grab a kimbap roll or spicy chicken. Curry with katsu chicken is also usually good.
Really convenient place for drunchies! That is all.
This is still the place we frequent whenever were in midtown Manhattan. In fact: Ive been coming here for more than 20 years: if you can believe it. This place has been around at least since the late 1990s. Back about 10 years ago: they had a separate order section with a kitchen which they did away with.  Its all packaged foods and buffet now.

The comparison here is not with the sit-down Korean restaurants in the area -- this is really an a la carte buffet place or eat the packaged Korean fare quickly while sitting down. For that purpose: this place suffices for convenience.  There is nothing like a quick in-and-out sit down lunch for a few bucks: no questions asked.  Thats why its 5-stars: not necessarily because they serve restaurant quality meals.  The food quality is reasonable; the location and ambiance are superior: making this place a perpetual landmark in midtown Koreatown for the last 20 years.
9 years later since my Korean friend introd me to this place and I still stop by to grab take-out for home/picnics. Think: a small space with a variety of daily-cooked packaged Korean meals. Theyve gotten quite experimental with their dishes over the years and now: their entrees come with a side of kimchi: soup: salad or small water. If you get their frequent rewards card: youll get a stamp for every $5 spent and you can cash those cards out for prizes (packaged noodles: thermos: water etc-- prizes are located on the wall behind the cashiers). Cheap: yummy: fast!
Came here with some friends for some food before a Friday night out. Unfortunately we werent able to try the hot bar items since it was so late but we were able to have some of the precooked items. Everything was pretty good: but I feel like everything would have tasted better if it hadnt been sitting under heat lamps for so long. Cant do anything about that though since we came so late. 

Id say this place is worth the visit due to the relatively low prices of food for solid quality and the convenience. This place becomes sort of a hot spot for the younger crowd before a night out. They sell soju at a cheaper price than some of the other establishments in the area: which is probably why it gets so packed. A great spot to pregame while chowing down on some korean eats!
The wife was at the hotel tired after a long day in NYC: so I decided to go pick up some food and bring back to the hotel.  Stumbled on this place and was wondering what it was all about.  This place was like a fast food of pre packaged korean home made meals.

At first I did not get the concept: but all you have to do is walk towards the back and grab whatever packaged meal you want and bring it to the register.  While some of the food was good: it was nothing special or gave us the wow factor.

Definitely a cool joint to check out if you need something quick and do not have time to wait and in the mood for Korean food.